 
 
 
 
 
5 March 2024 
 
Updated Trading Policy 
 
 
Life360, Inc. (ASX: 360) (the ‘Company’) advises, for the purposes of ASX Listing Rule 12.10, that 
amendments to the Company’s Insider Trading Policy were approved by the Board on 1 March 2024. 
 
A copy of the amended and updated Insider Trading Policy is attached. 
 
 
 
Authorization 
The Board of Directors authorized this announcement being given to ASX. 
 
About Life360 
Life360 delivers peace of mind for families of all types. The company’s category leading mobile app 
and Tile tracking devices help members protect the people, pets and things they care about most, 
with a range of services including location sharing, safe driver reports, and crash detection with 
emergency dispatch. Life360 is based in San Mateo and has approximately 61 million monthly active 
users (MAU) located in more than 150 countries. For more information, please visit life360.com and 
Tile.com. 
 
Contacts 
For Australian investor enquiries: 
For Australian media enquiries: 
Jolanta Masojada, +61 417 261 367 
Giles Rafferty, +61 481 467 903 
jmasojada@life360.com 
grafferty@firstadvisers.com.au 
 
For U.S. investors: 
For U.S. media inquiries: 
Investors@life360.com 
press@life360.com 
 
 
Life360’s CDIs are issued in reliance on the exemption from registration contained in Regulation S of the US Securities Act of 1933 (Securities Act) 
for offers of securities which are made outside the US. Accordingly, the CDIs, have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or 
the laws of any state or other jurisdiction in the US. As a result of relying on the Regulation S exemption, the CDIs are ‘restricted securities’ under 
Rule 144 of the Securities Act. This means that you are unable to sell the CDIs into the US or to a US person who is not a QIB for the foreseeable 
future except in very limited circumstances until after the end of the restricted period, unless the re-sale of the CDIs is registered under the Securities 
Act or an exemption is available. To enforce the above transfer restrictions, all CDIs issued bear a FOR Financial Product designation on the ASX. 
This designation restricts any CDIs from being sold on ASX to US persons excluding QIBs. However, you are still able to freely transfer your CDIs 
on ASX to any person other than a US person who is not a QIB. In addition, hedging transactions with regard to the CDIs may only be conducted 
in accordance with the Securities Act. 
 
Life360, Inc. | ARBN 629 412 942 | 1900 South Norfolk St, Suite 310 San Mateo, CA 94403 | investors.life360.com Page 1 
For personal use only

Life360, Inc.
Insider Policy Trading 1
LIFE360, INC. INSIDER 
TRADING POLICY
THIS POLICY WAS APPROVED BY THE BOARD ON MARCH 1, 2024.
PURPOSE & EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Life360, Inc. (the “Company”) is committed to promoting high standards of honest and ethical business 
conduct and compliance with laws, rules and regulations. Because you may receive material information 
that is not yet publicly available (“MNPI”) about the Company, our Board of Directors (“Board”) has 
adopted this Insider Trading Policy (“Policy”) to promote compliance with insider trading laws.
Insider trading happens when someone who is in possession of MNPI buys or sells securities on the 
basis of that information or discloses MNPI to someone else who may trade on the basis of that 
information.
For the purposes of this Policy, “securities” means CHESS Depositary Interests, shares of common 
stock, par value $0.001 per share (“shares”), restricted stock units (“RSUs”), debentures, options to 
subscribe for or purchase new shares and options over existing shares, warrant contracts and any other 
debt or equity securities the Company may issue from time to time, such as bonds, preferred stock, 
convertible notes as well as other derivatives relating to the shares. As explained in more detail herein, 
exercising options, alone, without trading them is not subject to the rules and restrictions of this Policy.
If you are considering trading Company securities, please keep these four key points in mind:
•
Never buy or sell, or encourage or enable another person to buy or sell, our (or any third party)
securities based on MNPI; 
•
Never make recommendations to buy or sell our (or any third party) securities based on MNPI; 
•
Keep all MNPI confidential, including from your family and friends; and 
•
When in doubt about whether you have MNPI, ask before trading. 
In addition to the foregoing, the following requirements apply to Section 16 Officers and/or those 
designated by the Company as having MNPI (defined as “Designated Insiders” herein):
•
Never trade Company securities during a designated “Blackout Period” (defined herein); 
•
Section 16 Officers and Designated Insiders must get pre-approval to trade any Company
securities from the General Counsel and Chief Financial Officer prior to trading any securities; 
For personal use only

Life360, Inc.
Insider Trading Policy 2
Life360, Inc.
•
Section 16 Officers must also notify the General Counsel of the details of any sale of Company 
securities that they or their associates1 initiate within one business day. 
Additional details, limitations are restrictions are detailed herein. You are responsible for 
understanding and following this Policy and for the consequences of any actions you may take. Our 
General Counsel and/or Chief Financial Officer can answer any questions you may have and will assist 
with implementing, interpreting and enforcing this Policy and pre-clearing trading activities of certain 
people.
PERSONS COVERED BY THIS POLICY
This Policy applies to our employees, contractors, consultants and Board members. It also applies to:
•
Immediate family members of our employees, contractors, consultants and Board members and 
anyone otherwise subject to their influence or control; and 
•
Entities such as venture capital funds, partnerships, trusts and corporations which are associated 
or affiliated with our employees, contractors, consultants and Board members. 
(together, “Insiders”).
You are responsible for all such applicable transactions and you should ensure that your immediate 
family members and any entities associated or affiliated with you are aware of this Policy and the need 
to confer with you before they trade in Company securities.
An “immediate family member” under this Policy means any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, 
spouse, domestic partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-
law, or sister-in-law of a person security holder, and includes any person (other than a tenant or 
employee) sharing the household of that person.
Additional trading restrictions in this Policy apply to our executive officers and directors (“Section 16 
Officers”) and to the individuals identified as having MNPI (“Designated Insiders”) who are not 
Section 16 Officers but who have regular access to MNPI in the normal course of their job. The list of 
Designated Insiders may be modified by our General Counsel and/or the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are aware of MNPI when your employment or service relationship with the Company ends, you 
still may not trade our securities until that MNPI has become public or is no longer material.
WHAT THIS POLICY COVERS
The primary purpose of this Policy is to prevent people who are in possession of MNPI from trading in 
our stock or other securities on the basis of that MNPI, recommending, encouraging or enabling others 
1 “Associates” are immediate family members of Section 16 Officers and anyone otherwise subject to their influence or control 
(including household members) as well as entities such as venture capital funds, partnerships, trusts and corporations which are 
associated or affiliated with our Section 16 Officers.
For personal use only

Life360, Inc.
Insider Trading Policy 3
Life360, Inc.
to buy or sell our stock or other securities on the basis of that MNPI, or disclosing MNPI to someone 
else knowing (or where the person should have reasonably known) that the other person will, or is 
likely to, use that information to trade, or enable someone else to trade, on the basis of that information.
“Material Information” is information about our Company, positive or negative, that a reasonable 
stockholder or person would consider important in making a decision to trade the Company’s
securities, or would expect to effect the price or value of the Company’s securities. Material 
information can be positive or negative and can relate to virtually any aspect of the Company’s 
business. There is no clear standard for assessing materiality; rather, materiality is based on an 
assessment of all of the relevant facts and circumstances, and is often evaluated by enforcement 
authorities with the benefit of hindsight.
The financial impact of the information is important, but strategic and other implications can also be 
equally important in determining whether information is Material Information. The definition, 
however, is broad enough to include rumors, matters of supposition, intentions of a person (including 
the Company) and information which is insufficiently definite to warrant disclosure to the public. Note 
also that you need not be an “insider” to have access to Material Information. You could learn it in 
passing in a corridor or in an elevator or at a dinner party.
Examples of Material Information may include:
•
Historical or forecasted/projected revenues, losses, earnings guidance or other financial results;
•
Changes to previously announced earnings guidance, or the decision to suspend earnings guidance;
•
A proposed or pending joint venture or new significant contracts or partnerships;
•
A Company restructuring;
•
Significant new products or services or other significant product developments;
•
Imposition of a ban on trading in the Company’s securities or the securities of another company;
•
Significant new contracts or partners or the loss of a significant contract or partner;
•
Significant developments regarding the Company’s technology or business operations;
•
Possible mergers, acquisitions, tender offers or dispositions of significant subsidiaries or assets;
•
Major new litigation or regulatory inquiries or developments in existing litigation or inquiries;
•
Significant cybersecurity incidents or data breaches;
•
Stock repurchase plans and public offering plans;
•
Major marketing changes;
•
Significant developments in borrowings, or financings or capital investments;
•
Significant changes in financial condition, impending bankruptcy or asset value or liquidity issues;
•
Changes in our Board or senior management;
•
A change in auditors or notification that the auditor’s report may no longer be relied upon;
•
Significant changes in corporate strategy;
•
Changes in accounting methods and write-offs; and
For personal use only

Life360, Inc.
Insider Trading Policy 4
Life360, Inc.
•
Stock offerings, stock splits or changes in dividend policy.
This list is illustrative only and is not intended to provide a comprehensive list of circumstances that 
could result in material information. Determination of what may constitute material information will 
depend upon the facts and circumstances in each particular situation.
“Nonpublic” means that the confidential information is not “generally available” and has not yet been 
shared broadly outside the Company. Please remember as well that we may possess confidential 
information relating to or belonging to our customers, partners or other third parties and that it is 
equally important that we treat this information with the same care with which we treat our own 
information. If you are not sure whether information is considered public, you should either consult 
with our General Counsel or assume that the information is nonpublic and treat it as confidential. You 
should assume that information is generally available only if it has been disclosed to the Australian 
Securities Exchange (“ASX”) and filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
This Policy applies to all transactions involving our “securities”, including CHESS Depositary 
Interests, shares, RSUs, debentures, options and warrants to subscribe for or purchase new shares,
rights to subscribe for or purchase new shares and options over existing shares, and any other debt or 
equity securities the Company may issue from time to time, such as bonds, preferred stock, convertible 
notes, as well as to derivative securities relating to the Company’s securities, whether or not issued by 
the Company, such as exchange-traded options, swaps and warrants.
PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES AND OTHER RESTRICTIONS
Insider Restrictions
The following is a list of prohibited activities for all Insiders:
•
Trade our securities while in possession of any MNPI.
•
For Section 16 Officers and Designated Insiders, trade our securities during a Blackout Period
designated by our General Counsel and Chief Financial Officer. See the definition of “Blackout 
Period” below.
•
Unless approved in advance by our General Counsel, make a gift, charitable contribution or other 
transfer of our securities during a period when the Insider cannot otherwise trade.
•
Share MNPI with any outside person, unless required by your job and such person is under NDA, 
or as authorized by our General Counsel.
•
Give trading advice about the Company, unless the advice is to tell someone not to trade our 
securities because the trade would violate this Policy or the law.
For personal use only

Life360, Inc.
Insider Trading Policy 5
Life360, Inc.
•
Other than the exercise of equity awards issued by us, engage in transactions involving options or 
other derivative securities on our stock, such as puts and calls, whether on an exchange or in any 
other market.
•
Engage in hedging or monetization transactions involving our securities, such as zero cost collars 
and forward sale contracts, or contribute our securities to exchange funds in a manner that could be 
interpreted as hedging in our stock or otherwise limiting economic risk relating to the securities.
•
Engage in short sales of our securities, meaning a sale of securities that you do not own, including 
short sales “against the box.”
•
Purchase of Life360 securities on the open market and trading the same on a short-term basis. For 
the purposes of this Policy, short-term trading includes acquiring securities (but not including the 
exercise of an option or sale of any grant under an equity incentive plan operated by the Company) 
with a view to selling the securities within a 6 month period as well as selling securities with a view 
to repurchase within a 6 month period.
•
Use or pledge our securities as collateral in a margin account or as collateral for a loan (e.g. margin 
lending or similar funding arrangements) unless the pledge has been approved by our General 
Counsel and in accordance with any applicable policy or guidelines of the Company regarding 
pledging.
•
Distribute our securities to limited partners, general partners or stockholders of any entity during a 
Blackout Period.
•
Engage in any of the above activities for securities you own in any other company if you have 
MNPI about that company obtained in the course of your service to the Company.
Additional Restrictions Applicable to Section 16 Officers and Designated Insiders
All of the restrictions noted above for Insiders also apply to our Section 16 Officers and Designated 
Insiders.
Prior to trading our securities, Section 16 Officers and Designated Insiders must also obtain pre-
approval from our General Counsel and Chief Financial Officer by: (a) providing written notification of 
the amount and nature of the proposed trade to the General Counsel and Chief Financial Officer; (b) 
certifying no earlier than two business days prior to the proposed trade that you have no MNPI; and (c) 
receiving email confirmation from our General Counsel approving the trade, which approval can be 
granted or denied at his or her discretion. You may satisfy (a) and (b) by emailing the required 
information and certification to our General Counsel. You may only trade the securities during the 
period specified in the email confirmation approving the trade. An approval to trade expires five 
business days from its date, unless the approval specifies a different date. Any approval to trade can be 
withdrawn or refused by the General Counsel, the Chief Financial Officer, the CEO or the Company in 
its discretion (and will be automatically deemed to have been withdrawn where the person seeking 
approval becomes aware of MNPI).
Other Legal Restrictions
For personal use only

Life360, Inc.
Insider Trading Policy 6
Life360, Inc.
The trading prohibitions contained in this Policy are specific to insiders and are not the only stock-
trading rules and regulations that you need to follow when dealing in securities. More generally, you 
should be aware of additional prohibitions and restrictions that may be set by contract or by federal and 
state securities laws and regulations (e.g., contractual restrictions on the resale of securities, rules on 
short swing trading by Section 16 Officers, compliance with Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended, and others), the provisions under the Australian Corporations Act, the ASX Listing Rules 
and any other applicable securities laws. Any Insider who is uncertain whether other prohibitions or 
restrictions apply should ask our General Counsel.
WHEN TRADING IS ALLOWED
Insiders who are not Section 16 Officers or Designated Insiders and who are not in possession of MNPI 
may trade Company securities consistently with this Policy at any time. Section 16 Officers and 
Designated Insiders can trade in our securities with pre-approval, outside a Blackout Period and in certain 
other circumstances described below:
Blackout Periods
Section 16 Officers and Designated Insiders May Not Trade During the following Blackout Periods:
•
January 1 through the first trading day after the Company's Form 10-K has been 
released to ASX and filed with the SEC;
•
April 1 through the first trading day after the Company’s Form 10-Q for the 
first quarter has been released to the ASX and filed with the SEC;
•
July 1 through the first trading day after the Company's Form 10-Q for the second 
quarter has been released to ASX and filed with the SEC;
•
October 1 through the first trading day after the Company’s Form 10-Q for 
the third quarter has been released to ASX and filed with SEC; and
•
Any other period as the Board of the Company may decide.
All other Insiders may trade in the Company's Securities at any time, provided they do 
not have MNPI.
•
Even Outside of a Blackout Period, No One Is Allowed To Trade While in Possession of MNPI. 
Even outside of Blackout Periods, Section 16 Officers, Designated Insiders and other Insiders still 
may not trade our securities if they possess MNPI at that time. An Insider who possesses MNPI 
may only trade our securities after the close of trading on the next full trading day following our 
widespread public release of that MNPI.
•
Additional Blackout Periods. Our General Counsel and Chief Financial Officer may designate 
special trading Blackout Periods that apply to specific individuals or groups of people. No 
identified individuals or groups of people may trade our securities during any such Blackout Period. 
Additionally, no one may tell anyone that a special Blackout Period has been designated or that one
previously was in place because that also is confidential information that cannot be disclosed internally or 
externally.
For personal use only

Life360, Inc.
Insider Trading Policy 7
Life360, Inc.
Exceptions to Prohibited Activities
The trading restrictions of this Policy do not apply to the following:
•
401(k) Plan. Investing 401(k) plan contributions in a company stock fund in accordance with the 
terms of our 401(k) plan. However, any changes in your investment election regarding the 
Company’s securities are subject to trading restrictions under this Policy.
•
Options. Exercising stock options granted under our equity incentive plans for cash or by delivering 
to the Company previously owned Company stock or through a net exercise of a stock option that is 
permitted by the Company’s equity incentive plan and that does not involve a sale of shares in the 
open market. You may also freely pay taxes in connection with exercising stock options granted 
under our equity incentive plans pursuant to net settlement arrangements pre-approved by the 
Company for the payment of taxes upon the exercise of stock options so long as it does not involve 
a sale of shares in the open market. For the avoidance of doubt, the sale of any shares after 
exercising Company-granted stock options, as well as any cashless exercise of Company-granted 
stock options in which stock is sold on the open market to pay the exercise price or taxes (i.e., 
“same-day sales”), are subject to trading restrictions under this Policy.
•
RSUs. Disposition of RSUs pursuant to a net settlement or a “sale to cover” for non-discretionary, 
automatic tax withholdings initiated and pre-approved by the Company for the payment of taxes 
upon the vesting of RSUs.
•
Estate Planning. Transfers of securities in connection with bona fide estate planning purposes, such 
as a transfer to or from a family trust or partnership. However, Section 16 Officers and Designated 
Insiders must get pre-approval from the General Counsel and Chief Financial Officer to transfer 
any Company securities.
Notification of trade
Within one business day following a trade, Section 16 Officers and their associates are required to 
notify the General Counsel of the details of the trade, including the number and price of the securities 
involved.
THERE ARE SIGNIFICANT CONSEQUENCES FOR VIOLATING INSIDER TRADING
LAWS
The consequences of violating the insider trading laws can be severe.
Under U.S. securities laws, people who violate insider trading laws may be required to disgorge profits 
made or losses avoided by trading, pay the loss suffered by the persons who purchased securities from 
or sold securities to the insider tipper, pay civil fines of up to three times the profit made or loss 
avoided, pay a criminal penalty of up to USD 5 million for individuals and USD 25 million for entities, 
or serve a prison term of up to 20 years. In addition, individual directors, officers and other supervisory 
personnel may also be required to pay major civil or criminal penalties for failure to take appropriate 
For personal use only

Life360, Inc.
Insider Trading Policy 8
Life360, Inc.
steps to prevent insider trading by those under their supervision, influence or control, or (in the case of 
directors) be disqualified from managing a corporation.
Under Australian law natural persons who engage in insider trading may face fines in excess of AUD 1 
million (or three times the benefit obtained or the losses avoided), and/or jail terms of up to 10 years.
CONSEQUENCES OF VIOLATING THIS POLICY
A breach of this Policy will be regarded as serious misconduct. We may impose discipline on anyone 
violating this Policy, up to and including termination of employment, and we may issue stop transfer 
orders to our transfer agent to prevent any attempted trades that would violate this Policy in the 
Company’s sole discretion. The Company may be required to notify relevant authorities of a breach of 
this Policy.
ADMINISTRATION
The General Counsel will administer and interpret this Policy and enforce compliance as needed. The 
General Counsel may consult with the Company’s outside legal counsel as needed. The General 
Counsel may designate other individuals to perform the General Counsel’s duties under this Policy.
Neither the Company nor the General Counsel will be liable for any act made under this Policy. 
Neither the Company nor the General Counsel is responsible for any failure to approve a trade or for 
imposing any Blackout Period.
REPORTING VIOLATIONS
Any Insider who violates this Policy or any federal or state laws governing insider trading or tipping, or 
who knows of any such violation by any other Insider, must report the violation immediately to our 
General Counsel. If you want to submit a concern or complaint regarding a possible violation of this 
Policy anonymously, you should follow the procedures outlined in our Whistleblower Policy. Anyone 
who violates this Policy may be subject to disciplinary measures, which may include termination of 
employment.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Our Board reserves the right in its sole discretion to modify or grant waivers to this Policy. Any 
amendments or waiver may be publicly disclosed if required by applicable laws, rules and regulations.
For personal use only

Life360, Inc.
Insider Trading Policy 9
Life360, Inc.
EXHIBIT A
Designated Insiders
All Vice President level employees and above
All administrative assistants to a Section 16 Officer and Designated Insiders
All members of the legal function that prepare (or assist with preparing) SEC filings and earnings 
materials
All members of the Investor Relations function that assist with preparing earnings releases 
All members of the Disclosure Committee
All designated members of the Finance and Accounting functions
All other individuals notified to be a Designated Insider by the General Counsel and/or the Chief 
Financial Officer
For personal use only
