  |  12920034_3.docx 
1 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy  
4DMedical Limited 
 
 
Adopted by the Board on 12 June 2020 to come into effect upon admission of the Company on the 
Australian Securities Exchange.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Document version control:  
Custodian 
Company Secretary 
Date of next scheduled review 
12 June 2021 
Legislative framework and regulatory 
compliance 
ASX Corporate Governance Principles and 
Recommendations (4th edition) 
Regulators 
ASX 
 
 
For personal use only

  |  12920034_3.docx 
2 
 
1. 
Introduction  
This Securities Trading Policy (Policy) sets out the policy of 4DMedical Limited ACN 161 
684 831 (Company) on dealings by directors of the Company (Directors) and employees 
in:  
(a) 
securities of the Company (Company Securities); and  
(b) 
securities of other entities.  
If you do not understand any part of this Policy, the summary of the law or how it applies to 
you, you should raise the matter with your manager or the Company Secretary before 
dealing with any securities covered by this Policy.  
2. 
Rationale for the Policy 
Under Australian corporations law, the insider trading laws operate to prohibit people in 
possession of non-public, price sensitive information from dealing in securities or passing 
on the information to other people who may deal in securities.   
This Policy is intended to: 
(a) 
ensure that all Directors, employees and contractors of the Company (and their 
associates) are aware of the insider trading laws as they apply to trading in 
Company Securities; and 
(b) 
protect the reputation of the Company and its Directors and officers by seeking to 
avoid the possibility that misconceptions, misunderstandings or suspicions might 
arise as a result of trading by Directors and others who may be, or be perceived to 
be, in possession of Inside Information.   
This Policy seeks to do so by imposing additional restrictions on the trading of securities by 
Restricted Persons (defined below).  
3. 
Meaning of "Securities"  
For the purposes of this Policy, "Securities" means shares, debentures, options to 
subscribe for new shares and options over existing shares, warrant contracts and other 
derivatives relating to the shares.  
4. 
Insider trading laws 
4.1 
Prohibition  
If you have any Inside Information (see definition in section 4.3) about the Company (or 
another relevant entity, such as a company with which the Company is considering a 
transaction) which is not publicly known, it is a criminal offence for you to: 
(a) 
trade in Company Securities (or securities of the other relevant entity);  
(b) 
advise or procure another person to trade in Company Securities (or securities of 
the other relevant entity); or 
For personal use only

  |  12920034_3.docx 
3 
 
(c) 
pass on Inside Information to someone else (including colleagues, family or 
friends) knowing (or where you should have reasonably known) that the other 
person will, or is likely to, use that information to trade in, or procure someone else 
to trade in, Company Securities (or securities of the other relevant entity).  
4.2 
Consequences of insider trading 
This offence, called "insider trading", can subject you to: 
(a) 
criminal liability including large fines and/or imprisonment;  
(b) 
a civil penalty (fine) of up to hundreds of thousands of dollars; and 
(c) 
civil liability, which may include being sued for any loss suffered as a result of 
illegal trading.  
4.3 
Inside Information 
"Inside information" is information that:  
(a) 
is not generally available; and 
(b) 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect that it would (or 
would be likely to) influence investors in deciding whether to buy or sell particular 
securities.  
The financial impact of the information is important, but strategic and other implications can 
be equally important in determining whether information is Inside Information.  The 
definition of information is broad enough to include rumours, matters of supposition, 
intentions of a person (including the Company) and information which is insufficiently 
definite to warrant disclosure to the public.  
Importantly, you need not be an "insider" to come across Inside Information.  That is, it 
does not matter how you come to know the Inside Information (for example, you could 
learn it in the course of carrying out your responsibilities or in passing in the corridor or in a 
lift or at a dinner party).  
4.4 
Examples of insider trading 
The following list is illustrative only.  Inside Information could include:  
(a) 
the financial performance of the Company against budget;  
(b) 
a possible acquisition or sale of any assets by the Company; 
(c) 
a possible change in the Company's capital structure;  
(d) 
a proposed dividend;  
(e) 
senior management changes;  
(f) 
development of a new business line or product offering; or  
(g) 
any possible claim against the Company or other unexpected liability.  
For personal use only

  |  12920034_3.docx 
4 
 
4.5 
Insider trading is prohibited at all times   
If you possess Inside Information, you must not buy or sell Company Securities, advise or 
get others to do so or pass on the Inside Information to others.  This prohibition applies 
regardless of how you learn the information.  
The prohibition on insider trading applies not only to information concerning Company 
Securities.  If a person has Inside Information in relation to securities of another company, 
that person must not deal in those securities.  
5. 
Confidential information 
Related to the above, Directors, employees and contractors also have a duty of 
confidentiality to the Company.  You must not reveal any confidential information 
concerning the Company, use that information in any way which may injure or cause loss 
to the Company, or use that confidential information to gain an advantage for yourself.  
6. 
Trading restrictions imposed by this Policy 
6.1 
Additional restrictions 
Additional restrictions (described below) on trading in Company Securities apply to 
Restricted Persons (defined below).  
6.2 
Restricted Persons  
For the purposes of this Policy, "Restricted Persons" are:  
(a) 
all Directors including the CEO;  
(b) 
all other key management personnel of the Company; and 
(c) 
employees who have been notified that they are Restricted Persons for the 
purposes of this Policy.  
6.3 
Close family members and entities closely connected with Restricted Persons 
For this Policy:  
(a) 
a "close family member" of a Restricted Person means a spouse or de facto, any 
minor children or children living with the Restricted Person (including children of 
the Restricted Person's spouse or de facto); and 
(b) 
a "closely connected entity" of a Restricted Person means any family company or 
family trust that the Restricted Person or their "close family members" may control 
or have an interest in 
(collectively, Closely Connected Persons).  
Each Restricted Person must:  
(a) 
ensure that any trading by their Closely Connected Persons are undertaken in 
accordance with this Policy; and 
(b) 
ensure that his or her Closely Connected Persons are aware of this Policy and the 
restrictions it contains.  
For personal use only

  |  12920034_3.docx 
5 
 
6.4 
Reasons for additional restrictions 
Restricted Persons are in positions where it may be assumed that they may come into 
possession of Inside Information and, as a result, any trading by Restricted Persons (or 
their Closely Connected Persons) may embarrass or reflect badly on them or on the 
Company (even if a Restricted Person has no actual Inside Information at the time).  
This Policy is designed to avoid the possibility that misconceptions, misunderstandings or 
suspicions might arise and also to protect the reputation of the Company and Restricted 
Persons.  
6.5 
Restrictions on dealing 
Restricted Persons must not deal in Company Securities:  
(a) 
without prior approval (refer section 6.7);  
(b) 
during any of the following blackout periods: 
(i) 
the period each year from the close of trading at the end of the full financial 
year until 10.00am on the next trading date following the announcement to 
ASX of the preliminary final statement or full year results ; 
(ii) 
the period each year from the close of trading at the end of the financial 
half year until 10.00am on the next trading day following the announcement 
of half-yearly results; and 
(iii) 
any other period that the Company specifies from time to time.  
6.6 
No speculative short-term trading 
Restricted Persons should not trade in Company Securities: 
(a) 
on a short-term basis; or  
(b) 
for speculative trading gain.   
The Company considers "short-term" to be a period of 6 months or less.   
6.7 
Prior clearance for dealing 
Restricted Persons are only permitted to deal in Company Securities if they have given 
notice and obtained approval as set out below (and on the basis that the rule contained in 
section 4.1 does not apply).  
Restricted Persons must notify the Company in advance of any proposed dealing in 
Company Securities.  The notification must be made to the person set out in section 7 and 
confirm that they do not hold any Inside Information.  
Upon:  
(a) 
provision of notification; and 
(b) 
confirmation by the Company Secretary that there is no objection to the person 
trading,  
the Restricted Person may undertake the proposed dealing.  The confirmation must specify 
a period of time within which the trading is to occur, which unless the confirmation 
determines otherwise, will be 5 business days from the granting of the confirmation.  
For personal use only

  |  12920034_3.docx 
6 
 
Once a confirmation has been given and at any time prior to the proposed dealing by the 
Restricted Person, such confirmation or approval may be revoked and withdrawn by written 
notice to the Restricted Person from the Company Secretary without the giving of any 
reasons.  
6.8 
Exceptions for certain trading  
As an exception to the restrictions in the rule set out in section 6.5(b), Restricted Persons 
are permitted to trade Company Securities in the following circumstances:  
(a) 
transfer of Company Securities to a Closely Connected Person or a Restricted 
Persons' superannuation fund, in respect of which prior clearance has been 
obtained as set out in section 6.7;  
(b) 
a disposal of Company Securities arising from the acceptance of a takeover offer, 
scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back;  
(c) 
a disposal of rights acquired under a pro rata issue;  
(d) 
an acquisition of Company Securities under a security purchase plan or dividend 
purchase plan where the Restricted Person did not commence or amend their 
participation in the plan during a blackout period;  
(e) 
an acquisition of Company Securities under an employee incentive scheme 
(however, the additional restrictions in this policy apply to any subsequent trade of 
any Company Securities issued to (or for the benefit of) a Restricted Person under 
an employee incentive scheme);  
(f) 
where a Restricted Person has been granted approval to enter into margin lending 
or other secured financing arrangement (refer section 6.11), an involuntary 
disposal of securities that result from the margin lender or financier exercising its 
rights under the arrangement.  
Restricted Persons are reminded that they must still comply with the insider trading laws 
even where they would otherwise be permitted by this section 6.8 to trade in Company 
Securities.  
6.9 
Exceptional circumstances  
If a Restricted Person needs to deal in Company Securities due to exceptional 
circumstances but such dealing would breach this Policy, the Restricted Person must apply 
to the person specified in section 7 for a waiver from compliance with the provisions in 
sections 6.5(b) or 6.6(a).  
Exceptional circumstances include severe financial hardship, compulsion by a court order 
or any other circumstances that are deemed exceptional by the person described in section 
7.  
The Restricted Person seeking a waiver under this section must apply in writing to the 
person specified in section 7, setting out the circumstances of the proposed dealing 
(including an explanation as to the severe financial hardship or circumstances that are 
otherwise exceptional) and the reason the waiver is requested.  A waiver will only be 
granted if the Restricted Person's application is accompanied by sufficient evidence (in the 
opinion of the person specified in section 7) that the dealing of the relevant securities is the 
most reasonable course of action available in the circumstances and confirmation that the 
person does not possess inside information.  
A decision to grant a waiver may be given or refused by the person specified in section 7, 
without giving reasons.  Once given, a waiver can also be withdrawn if new circumstances 
come to light.  
For personal use only

  |  12920034_3.docx 
7 
 
If a waiver is granted, the Restricted Person will be notified in writing (which may include 
notification via email) and in each circumstance the duration of the waiver to deal in 
securities will be 5 business days.  
If a waiver is not granted, the Restricted Person must keep that confidential.  
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this section must 
comply with the other sections of this Policy (to the extent practicable).  
6.10 
Requirements after trading 
Once a Restricted Person has completed a trade in Company Securities, the Company 
Secretary must be:  
(a) 
advised that the trade has been completed; and 
(b) 
in the case of Directors, provided with sufficient information to enable the Company 
to comply with the requirements to notify a change of interests to ASX.  
6.11 
Short-selling, hedging and margin lending transactions  
A Restricted Person must not engage in short-selling in respect of the Company's 
Securities.  
A Restricted Person must not engage in transactions designed to hedge their exposure to 
Company Securities.  
A Restricted Person must not enter into margin lending or other secured financing 
arrangements in respect of Company Securities, unless the prior approval of the Chairman 
(or his or her delegate) has been obtained.  
7. 
Consents and notifications 
Where this Policy requires a notification to occur, or consent, or waiver to be obtained 
(unless the context requires otherwise) the table below sets out whom each Restricted 
Person must notify or seek approval from.  
 
Restricted Person 
Person to notify and obtain consent 
Chairman of the Board 
The Board 
Other Restricted Persons 
Chairman of the Board (or his or her delegate) 
8. 
Breaches of this Policy 
Strict compliance with this Policy is a condition of employment.  Breaches of this Policy will 
be subject to disciplinary action, which may include termination of employment.  
For personal use only

  |  12920034_3.docx 
8 
 
9. 
Further information  
Employees should contact the Company secretary if they are unsure about whether it is 
acceptable to deal or communicate with others in relation to the Company's Securities or 
other securities or if they have any other queries about this Policy.  
 
For personal use only
