ASX Announcement 
 
26 August 2022  
 
 
 
Revised Share Trading Policy 
AIC Mines Limited (ASX: A1M) (“Company”) has revised its Share Trading Policy as approved by the 
Company’s Board. 
Attached is a copy of the revised Share Trading Policy lodged with the ASX in accordance with ASX 
Listing Rule 12.10. A copy of the Share Trading Policy is available in the corporate governance section of 
the Company’s website at https://www.aicmines.com.au/investors/corporate-governance/ 
 
Authorisation 
This announcement has been approved for issue by, and enquiries regarding this announcement may be 
directed to Aaron Colleran, Managing Director, via info@aicmines.com.au. 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
1 
AIC MINES LIMITED  
ACN 060 156 452 
 
SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
This share trading policy sets out the Company’s policy regarding trading in the Company’s securities.  
This policy is separate from and additional to the legal constraints imposed by the common law, the 
Corporations Act and the ASX Listing Rules. 
References to “Company” are to AIC Mines Limited and where applicable, all wholly owned subsidiaries 
within the Group. 
This policy applies to Relevant Persons, which include all Directors and other Company officers, 
Executives and Employees of the Company and their related parties, and may include contractors, 
consultants and advisers from time to time. 
It is illegal to trade in the Company’s securities while in possession of unpublished price sensitive or 
“inside” information concerning the Company.  Under the Corporations Act a person with inside 
information regarding a body corporate:  
• 
must not deal in the securities of that body corporate or enter into an agreement to deal in 
the securities of that body corporate; and 
• 
must not procure another person to deal in the securities of that body corporate or enter into 
an agreement to deal in the securities of that body corporate; and 
• 
must not directly or indirectly communicate the inside information (or cause such information 
to be communicated) to another person if the insider knows (or reasonably should know) that 
the other person would be likely to deal in the securities of a body corporate or enter into an 
agreement to deal in the securities of a body corporate.   
“Inside information” is defined in the Corporations Act as information that: 
• 
is not generally available; and 
• 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a “material effect” 
on the price or value of the securities of the body corporate. 
Practically, Relevant Persons should assume that information is “generally available” only if it has been 
disclosed to ASX. 
A reasonable person is taken to expect information to have a “material effect” on the price or value of 
the securities if the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly acquire 
securities in deciding whether or not to deal in the securities in question.  As such, the materiality 
threshold is low. 
General Prohibition on Insider Trading 
All Relevant Persons are prohibited from trading in the Company’s securities while in possession of 
inside information concerning the Company.  In addition, while in possession of inside information, 
Relevant Persons must not procure or advise others to trade in the Company’s securities or 
communicate the information to another person knowing that the person may use the information to 
trade in, or procure someone else to trade in, the Company’s securities.  For the purposes of this policy, 
these prohibitions are known as the General Prohibitions. 
Inside information includes (without limitation): 
• 
a proposed major acquisition or disposition; 
• 
a significant business development or a proposed change in the nature of the Company’s 
business; 
• 
reserve and resource compilation; 
For personal use only

 
 
2 
• 
exploration drilling results; 
• 
details of material contracts that are being negotiated by the Company; 
• 
potential litigation that would have a substantial effect on the Company; 
• 
a proposed change to the share capital structure of the Company; or 
• 
a major change to the Board or senior management. 
Restrictions on Short-Term Trading 
The Company encourages each Relevant Person to adopt a long-term attitude to their investment in 
the Company’s securities.  Consequently, Relevant Persons should not engage in short-term or 
speculative trading of the Company’s securities. 
Trading in the Company’s Securities, Derivative Products and Margin Lending Arrangements 
Relevant Persons are prohibited from trading in the Company’s securities or in financial products issued 
or created over or in respect of the Company’s securities, in accordance with this policy. 
Relevant Persons are prohibited from entering into Margin Lending arrangements, whereby lenders are 
provided with rights over their interests in the Company’s securities, without prior written Board 
approval. 
Relevant Persons must not engage in hedging arrangements (including, for example, the use of put and 
call options or other derivative instruments) over unvested Securities issued pursuant to any employee 
or Director option or share plan. In addition, any hedging over vested Securities must comply with this 
policy. 
Guidelines for Dealing in Securities 
Directors 
At all times prior to trading in the Company’s securities or in financial products issued or created over 
or in respect of the Company’s securities (whether or not an Open Period applies), Directors must notify 
the whole Board of Directors of their intention to trade and confirm that they are not in possession of 
any inside information. 
Blackout Periods (Closed Periods) 
Applicable to Designated Persons  
Designated Persons, which include the Company’s Directors, Executives, Band A, B, C and D Employees 
(as defined by the Company’s Remuneration Framework) and their related parties are prohibited from 
trading during Blackout Periods, as defined by this policy, in the Company’s securities. 
Unless the Chairman directs otherwise, and except as set out below, Designated Persons (including 
Directors for which additional notification requirements are applicable – see above) may NOT trade in 
the Company’s securities on the ASX or financial products issued or created over or in respect of the 
Company’s securities during, nor for twenty four (24) hours following the end of, the following Blackout 
Periods: 
• 
The period from 1 January until the release of the December quarterly report; and 
• 
The period from 1 April until the release of the March quarterly report; and 
• 
the period from 1 July until the release of the June quarterly report; and 
• 
The period from 1 October until the release of the September quarterly report.  
A Relevant Person (including a Designated Person) may not deal in the Company’s securities or financial 
products issued or created over or in respect of the Company’s securities during an Open Period if the 
Relevant Person is in possession of inside information or the Company is in possession of inside 
information and notifies the Relevant Person they may not trade during all or part of the Open Period. 
For personal use only

 
 
3 
Exceptional Circumstances  
Clearance to trade in the Company’s securities inside of the defined Closed Periods may be granted in 
exceptional circumstances at the discretion of the Chairman (or if unavailable, the Chief Executive 
Officer and the Company Secretary). Exceptional circumstances would include, but not be limited to 
cases of severe financial hardship, where court orders exist or other overriding legal or statutory 
circumstance requiring the sale or transfer of the securities. 
Unless specified otherwise, clearance to trade outside a trading window will apply for a period of ten 
(10) business days from the communication to the Relevant Person of the clearance to trade. 
Trades excluded from the Share Trading Policy 
The requirement to provide notice of an intention to trade in the Company’s securities does not apply 
to the acquisition of securities through: 
• 
A Company Employee Incentive Plan or Scheme 
• 
Entitlement Offers 
• 
Share Purchase Plans 
• 
A Disclosure Document (i.e., Prospectus) 
However, the requirement does apply to the trading of those securities once they have been acquired.  
The Share Trading Policy does not apply where there is no change in beneficial interest in the securities.   
The Share Trading Policy does not apply to the disposal of securities by acceptance of takeover offers. 
Breach of Policy 
Breaches of this Policy will be subject to disciplinary action, which may include termination of 
employment or dismissal from the Board. If relevant persons are unsure of whether they are able to 
trade in the Company’s securities at a particular time, they are advised to consult with the Chairman, 
Chief Executive Officer or Company Secretary. 
Notification of Trade in Company Securities 
Directors must also notify the Company Secretary of any trade in the Company’s securities within three 
(3) business days of such trade occurring so that the Company Secretary can comply with the ASX Listing 
Rule 3.19A requirement to notify the ASX of any change in a notifiable interest held by a Director. Notice 
lodged with the ASX must provide the following information: 
• 
whether the trading occurred outside a Trading Window, when prior written clearance was 
required; 
• 
whether clearance was provided to allow the Trade to proceed; and 
• 
on what date clearance was provided if granted. 
Review 
This policy was approved by the Board of AIC Mines Limited on 25 August 2022. The policy will be periodically 
reviewed to check that it is operating effectively and whether any changes are required to the policy. 
 
Issue Date:           25/08/2022 
Owner:                  Company Secretary 
Approver:             The Board 
 
For personal use only
