 
 
ANGLO AUSTRALIAN RESOURCES NL / SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Page | 1 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
Approved by the Board with effect 30 June 2020. 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Purpose 
This document sets out the policy of Anglo Australian Resources NL (Company) 
regarding its directors, officers, employees, consultants and contractors (irrespective of 
location) who Deal or may Deal in Company Securities and should be read in its entirety. 
The purposes of this Policy are to: 
(a) 
Provide a summary of the law on insider trading in Australia. 
(b) 
Outline the prohibitions on dealing in Company Securities to prevent the misuse 
of unpublished information which could materially affect the value of such 
securities. 
(c) 
Ensure that the reputation of the Company, its directors, officers, employees, 
consultants and contractors is not adversely impacted by perceptions of dealing 
in securities at inappropriate times. 
(d) 
Maintain high standards of corporate conduct and support market confidence in 
the integrity of Dealing in Company Securities. 
1.2 
Source of legal obligations 
The sources of legal obligations underpinning this Policy include: 
(a) 
the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act), which, among other things, 
prohibits insider trading by anyone (regardless of geographical location); and 
(b) 
the ASX Listing Rules, ASX Guidance Note 27 (Trading Policies) and ASX 
Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendations, which set out 
requirements for responsible trading in listed company shares. 
2. 
Insider trading prohibition – the law 
It is an offence under the Corporations Act to Deal using Inside Information, or 
communicate Inside Information to others who will, or are likely to, Deal on the Inside 
Information. 
For personal use only

 
 
ANGLO AUSTRALIAN RESOURCES NL / SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Page | 2 
 
3. 
Dealing in Company securities 
3.1 
When a Designated Person MAY Deal 
A Designated Person may Deal in Company Securities unless restricted from doing so 
under clause 3.2 (When a Designated Person May Not Deal). 
3.2 
When a Designated Person MAY NOT Deal 
(a) 
Subject to clause 4 (Exceptions), a Designated Person may not Deal in Company 
Securities during any of the following designated Black-out Periods: 
(i) 
Quarterly results: The period from two weeks before until 24 hours after 
the release of the Company's quarterly results. 
(ii) 
Half-year results: The period from two weeks before until 24 hours after 
the release of the Company's half-year results. 
(iii) 
Full-year results: The period from two weeks before until  24 hours after 
the release of the Company's full-year results. 
(iv) 
AGM: The 21 calendar days up to and including the date of the Annual 
General Meeting; and 
(v) 
Other: Any other period determined by the Chair in consultation with the 
Company Secretary to be a Black-out Period from time to time. 
(b) 
In addition to the restrictions in clause 3.2(a), a Designated Person may not Deal 
in Company Securities at any time if he or she has: 
(i) 
information that he or she knows, or ought reasonably to know, is Inside 
Information; or 
(ii) 
not complied with clause 5 (Notice of Dealing in Company Securities). 
3.3 
When employees, consultants or contractors (other than a Designated 
Person) MAY Deal 
An employee, consultant or contractor (who is not a Designated Person) may, at any time, 
Deal in Company Securities if he or she does not have information that he or she knows, 
or ought reasonably to know, is Inside Information. 
3.4 
When employees, consultants or contractors (other than a Designated 
Person) MAY NOT Deal 
An employee, consultant or contractor (who is not a Designated Person) who has 
information that he or she knows, or ought reasonably to know, is Inside Information may 
not: 
(a) 
Deal in Company Securities; 
For personal use only

 
 
ANGLO AUSTRALIAN RESOURCES NL / SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Page | 3 
 
(b) 
advise, procure or encourage another person to deal in Company Securities; or 
(c) 
pass on information to any person if they know, or ought reasonably to know, that 
the person may use the information to Deal in (or procure another person to Deal 
in) Company Securities. 
4. 
Exceptions 
4.1 
Permitted dealings 
Subject to not being in the possession of Inside Information, a Designated Person may at 
any time do any of the following things: 
(a) 
Transfer Company Securities already held into a superannuation fund or other 
saving scheme in which the Designated Person is a beneficiary. 
(b) 
Invest in, or trade in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in Company Securities) where the assets of the fund or scheme are 
invested at the discretion of a third party. 
(c) 
Undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer 
(d) 
Participate in an offer or invitation made to all or most security holders, including 
a rights issue, equal access buy-back, security purchase plan or dividend or 
distribution reinvestment plan, where the timing and structure of the offer or 
invitation has been approved by the Board. This includes decisions relating to 
whether or not to take up the entitlements and sale of entitlements required to 
provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro 
rata issue, 
(e) 
Exercise (but not Deal with the securities following exercise) an option or right 
under an employee incentive scheme where the final date for the exercise of the 
option or right falls during a Black-out Period or the Company has had a number 
of consecutive Black-out Periods and the Designated Person could not 
reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a time when free to do so.  
(f) 
Acquire (but not Deal with the securities following acquisition) Company shares 
by conversion of financial instruments giving rights to conversion to shares (eg 
options or convertible securities) where the final date for the conversion of the 
security falls during a Black-out Period or the Company has had a number of 
consecutive Black-out Periods and the Designated Person could not reasonably 
have been expected to convert at a time when free to do so.  
(g) 
Acquire Company securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of securities 
of the same class. 
(h) 
Acquire Company securities under a dividend reinvestment, or top-up plan that 
is available to all holders of securities of the same class. 
For personal use only

 
 
ANGLO AUSTRALIAN RESOURCES NL / SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Page | 4 
 
(i) 
Acquire, or agree to acquire or exercise options under a Company employee 
share scheme. 
(j) 
Withdraw ordinary shares in the Company held on behalf of the Designated 
Person in an employee share plan where the withdrawal is permitted by the rules 
of that plan. 
(k) 
Acquire ordinary shares in the Company as a result of the exercise of options or 
the conversion of performance share rights held under an employee share 
scheme. 
(l) 
Where the Designated Person is a trustee, trade in the securities of the Company 
by that trust, provided the Designated Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and 
any decision to trade during a Black-out Period is taken by the other trustees or 
by the investment managers independently of the Designated Person. 
4.2 
Approval to dispose or transfer Company Securities in exceptional 
circumstances 
(a) 
In exceptional circumstances a Designated Person may seek written approval 
from the Managing Director (Approval Officer) to dispose of or transfer (but not 
acquire or otherwise Deal with) Company Securities during a Black-out Period 
(Disposal Consent). 
(b) 
The Approval Officer will act with caution in determining whether there are 
exceptional circumstances, which may include, but will not be limited to, where: 
(i) 
the Designated Person is in severe financial hardship and a pressing 
financial commitment cannot be satisfied otherwise than by disposing of 
Company Securities; or 
(ii) 
the Designated Person is required by a court order, or an undertaking to 
or enforceable by a court, to transfer or dispose of Company Securities 
or there is some other overriding legal regulatory requirement for them to 
do so. 
(c) 
A Designated Person seeking Disposal Consent based on clause 4.2(b)(i) must 
provide the Approval Officer with:  
(i) 
a written application stating all of the facts; and  
(ii) 
copies of relevant supporting documentation, including contact details of 
the Designated Person's accountant, bank and other such independent 
institutions (where applicable). 
(d) 
A Designated Person seeking Disposal Consent based on clause 4.2(b)(ii) must 
provide the Approval Officer with a written application accompanied by relevant 
court and/or supporting legal documentation (where applicable). 
(e) 
The Approval Officer may grant Disposal Consent to a Designated Person: 
For personal use only

 
 
ANGLO AUSTRALIAN RESOURCES NL / SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Page | 5 
 
(i) 
only if that Designated Person is not in possession of Inside Information; 
and 
(ii) 
on such terms and conditions (including the duration of the right to 
dispose or transfer) as considered reasonable in the circumstances by 
the Approval Officer. 
(f) 
The Approval Officer will notify the Board promptly of any Disposal Consent 
granted to a Designated Person. 
(g) 
A Disposal Consent, if granted, will be issued in writing to the Designated Person 
and will contain a specified time period during which the disposal or transfer can 
be made.  
5. 
Approval and notification requirements 
5.1 
Approval requirements 
(a) 
Any Designated Person (other than the Chair) wishing to Deal in Company 
Securities must obtain the prior written approval of the Managing Director before 
doing so.  
(b) 
If the Managing Director wishes to Deal in Company Securities, the Managing 
Director must obtain the prior approval of the Chair or the Board before doing so. 
(c) 
If the Chair wishes to Deal in Company Securities, the Chair must obtain the prior 
approval of the Board before doing so.  
5.2 
Approvals to Deal 
(a) 
All requests to Deal in Company Securities as referred to in clause 5.1 must 
include the intended volume of securities to be Dealt in and an estimated time 
frame for the Dealing. 
(b) 
Copies of written approvals must be forwarded to the Company Secretary prior 
to the approved Dealing. 
5.3 
Notification 
(a) 
Subsequent to approval obtained in accordance with clause 5.2, any Designated 
Person who Deals in Company Securities must notify the Company Secretary in 
writing of the details of the transaction within five business days of the Dealing 
occurring.  
(b) 
The notification obligation in clause 5.3(a) operates at all times but does not apply 
to acquisitions of shares or options by employees made under employee share 
or option schemes, nor does it apply to the acquisition of shares as a result of the 
exercise of options under an employee share scheme.  
For personal use only

 
 
ANGLO AUSTRALIAN RESOURCES NL / SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Page | 6 
 
6. 
Other restrictions 
6.1 
Incomplete Buy or Sell Orders 
(a) 
Buy or sell orders for Company Securities which are placed but not completed 
outside of a Black-out Period are subject to the following restrictions once the 
Black-out Period commences: 
(i) 
the order must be completed within five trading days otherwise it will 
lapse; and 
(ii) 
the order cannot be varied. 
(b) 
Any order subject to this procedure should be notified in writing to the Company 
Secretary within 24 hours of the Black-out Period commencing. 
6.2 
Derivatives 
(a) 
The Company prohibits the use of Derivatives in relation to unvested equity 
instruments, including performance share rights, and vested Company Securities 
that are subject to disposal restrictions (such as a 'Holding Lock'). 
(b) 
Derivatives may be used in relation to vested positions which are not subject to 
disposal restrictions subject to compliance with the law and the other provisions 
of this Policy. 
6.3 
Prohibition on Margin Loan Arrangements 
Designated Persons may not: 
(a) 
enter into a Margin Loan or similar funding arrangement to acquire any Company 
Securities; or 
(b) 
use Company Securities as security for a Margin Loan or similar funding 
arrangement. 
6.4 
Securities of other companies 
The prohibition in the Corporations Act against insider trading applies equally to where 
Inside Information is being held by a person about another listed company or entity. This 
may occur, for example, where in the course of negotiating a transaction with the 
Company, another listed entity provides confidential information about itself or another 
listed entity. Accordingly, if a person possesses Inside Information in relation to the 
securities of another listed entity, they must not Deal in those securities. 
For personal use only

 
 
ANGLO AUSTRALIAN RESOURCES NL / SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Page | 7 
 
7. 
Penalties 
7.1 
Insider trading is a criminal offence. A person who commits a breach of the insider trading 
provisions could be subject to both civil and criminal penalties for the individual and for 
the Company. 
7.2 
In addition, the insider trader, and any other persons involved in the contravention, may 
also be liable to compensate third parties for any resulting loss. 
8. 
Policy compliance 
8.1 
During the year, the Company may require confirmation from Designated Persons that 
they have complied with this Policy. The Company may also require confirmation (or 
declarations) of holdings in securities. All such requested information must be supplied 
within five business days of the request being made. 
8.2 
A breach of this Policy will be regarded very seriously and may lead to disciplinary action 
being taken (including possible termination of employment). If the Company becomes 
aware of any breach of this Policy, then the Company may report the breach to the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
9. 
Who to contact 
If an individual is in any doubt regarding their proposed dealing in securities, they should 
contact the Company Secretary. 
10. 
Publication 
This Policy will be made available from the Company website (www.anglo.com.au). 
11. 
Review 
This policy shall be reviewed annually by the Board to ensure that it is operating 
effectively and ascertain whether changes are required to the policy. 
For personal use only

 
 
ANGLO AUSTRALIAN RESOURCES NL / SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Page | 8 
 
12. 
Defined terms 
For the purposes of this Policy: 
Company 
Securities  
includes shares, options, warrants, derivatives and interests in 
shares (including vested options and vested performance share 
rights) linked in any way to the underlying price of shares in the 
Company. 
Black-out Period 
means a relevant period as defined by the Company when 
Designated Persons may not Deal in Company Securities. 
Dealing  
includes: 
(a) 
applying for, acquiring or disposing of securities; 
(b) 
entering into an agreement to apply for, acquire or 
dispose of, securities; and 
(c) 
granting, accepting, acquiring, disposing, exercising or 
discharging an option or other right or obligation to 
acquire or dispose of securities. 
Derivatives  
include: 
(a) 
derivatives within the meaning given in section 761D of 
the Corporations Act (such as options, forward contracts, 
swaps, futures, warrants, caps and collars); and 
(b) 
any other transaction in financial products which 
operates to limit (in any way) the economic risk 
associated with holding the relevant securities. 
Designated 
Persons 
means each of: 
(a) 
the Directors of the Company; 
(b) 
any person who by their role or otherwise, becomes 
aware of Inside Information by having access to 
confidential material which may contain potentially price 
sensitive information including the Company board 
papers, periodic disclosure materials or any other 
relevant document; and 
(c) 
in relation to those persons identified in paragraphs (a) 
and (b) above, the following people: 
(i) 
their spouse or any of their children (including 
step children) under the age of 18 years; 
(ii) 
a trust of which they, any members of their family, 
or family-controlled company are a trustee or 
beneficiary; and 
(iii) 
a company which they or their family control. 
For personal use only

 
 
ANGLO AUSTRALIAN RESOURCES NL / SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Page | 9 
 
Inside Information 
means information which is not generally available to the market 
and, if it were generally available to the market, would be likely to 
have a material effect on the price or value of securities. 
Annexure A provides further details about what constitutes Inside 
Information. 
Margin Loan 
means any lending or similar arrangement allowing a person to 
borrow money to invest in securities using existing investments 
as security. 
 
For personal use only

 
 
ANGLO AUSTRALIAN RESOURCES NL / SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Page | 10 
 
Annexure A 
Inside Information 
1. 
Inside information 
Inside Information means information which is not generally available to the market and, 
if it were generally available to the market, would be likely to have a material effect on the 
price or value of securities. 
2. 
Information that is generally available 
2.1 
Information is considered to be generally available if: 
(a) 
it consists of readily observable matter; or 
(b) 
it has been made known in a manner likely to bring it to the attention of investors 
in securities and a reasonable period for dissemination of that information has 
elapsed; or 
(c) 
it may be deduced, inferred or concluded from the above. 
2.2 
Information will be generally available if it has been released to the ASX, published in an 
Annual Report or prospectus or otherwise been made generally available to the investing 
public and a reasonable period of time has elapsed after the information has been 
disseminated in one of these ways. 
2.3 
For the purposes of the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act, information is 
defined broadly and includes matters of supposition and other matters which are 
insufficiently definite to warrant being made known to the public. It also includes matters 
relating to the intentions of a person. 
3. 
Material Effect on the Price of Securities 
3.1 
Information is considered by the Corporations Act to be likely to have a material effect on 
the price or value of securities of a company if the information would, or would be likely 
to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or not to 
subscribe for, buy or sell those securities. 
3.2 
It is not possible to list all of information that may be material, however, the following types 
of information would be likely to be considered to have a material effect on the Company's 
share price: 
(a) 
information regarding a material increase or decrease in the Company's financial 
performance from previous results or forecasts, such as changes to profit results; 
(b) 
a proposed material business or asset acquisition or sale; 
(c) 
the damage or destruction of a material operation of the Group; 
(d) 
proposed material legal proceedings to be initiated by or against the Company; 
(e) 
regulatory action or investigations undertaken by a Government authority; 
For personal use only

 
 
ANGLO AUSTRALIAN RESOURCES NL / SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Page | 11 
 
(f) 
the launch of a new business or material new product; or 
(g) 
a proposal to undertake a new issue of securities or major change in financing. 
 
For personal use only
