 
 
 
 
ASX RELEASE  
 
Updated Securities Trading Policy 
 
29 August 2025  
 
Aussie Broadband Limited (ASX:ABB) attaches a copy of its updated Securities Trading 
Policy, in accordance with ASX Listing rule 12.10.  
 
ENDS 
 
Authorised for release by the Aussie Broadband Board. 
 
Investor enquiries contact Heidi Lord on 0404 216 403 
or investors@team.aussiebroadband.com.au 
Media enquiries contact Alex Walker on 0448 110 962 
or media@team.aussiebroadband.com.au 
 
About Aussie Broadband Limited: 
 
Aussie Broadband Group is a fast-growing telecommunications services provider – 
comprising of the Aussie Broadband and Symbio businesses. 
 
Listed on the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX: ABB), the Group collectively supplies 
more than 1 million services, operates two Tier 1 voice providers in Australia and owns 
fibre infrastructure.   
 
The fifth largest provider of broadband services in Australia with continuing growth in 
the residential segment, the Group provides a broad suite of solutions through its 
data, voice, and managed solutions to business, enterprise and government 
customers. Aussie Broadband Group also provides wholesale services to other 
telecommunications companies and managed service providers.  
 
For further information please visit: https://www.aussiebroadband.com.au    
For personal use only

Aussie Broadband Limited  |  22 August 2025 - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
Aussie Broadband Limited ACN 132 090 192 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Document version control: 
Custodian 
Company Secretary 
Date of Board approval 
22 August 2025 
Date Policy last released on ASX  
29 August 2025 
Date of next scheduled review 
August 2027 
Legislative framework and regulatory 
compliance 
ASX Corporate Governance Principles and 
Recommendations (4th edition) 
Regulators 
ASX 
 
 
For personal use only

Aussie Broadband Limited  |  22 August 2025 - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
THIS POLICY IN SUMMARY 
• 
No insider trading 
• 
No trading during Blackout Periods, being any periods during which the Trading 
Window is not open 
• 
No short term or speculative trading 
• 
Restrictions on the use of derivatives 
• 
Specified individuals must obtain prior written approval to deal and comply with a 
number of additional requirements 
• 
Key terms used in this policy are set out in section 10 below 
If you do not understand any part of this Policy, the summary of the law or how it applies 
to you, you should raise the matter with your manager or the Company Secretary before 
dealing with any securities covered by this Policy. 
 
1. 
What is the purpose of this Policy? 
Aussie Broadband is committed to ensuring that public confidence is maintained in the 
policies relating to the trading in its Securities. 
This Policy is intended to assist each Aussie Broadband Person to comply with their legal 
obligations relating to Securities trading, particularly while they are in possession of Inside 
Information.  
It has been prepared to meet the requirements of ASX Listing Rules 12.9 and 12.12. 
2. 
Who does this Policy apply to? 
This Policy applies to Aussie Broadband Persons. 
‘Aussie Broadband Person’ means:  
(a) 
each director, officer, employee (whether full-time, part-time or casual) and 
secondees of Aussie Broadband or a member of the Group; and 
(b) 
each contractor and consultant to the Group or a member of the Group whose 
terms of engagement apply this policy to them.  
3. 
What does this Policy apply to? 
This Policy applies to Aussie Broadband Securities. 
‘Securities’ includes shares, options, rights, debentures, interests in a managed 
investment scheme, Derivatives and other financial products covered by section 1042A of 
the Corporations Act. 
For personal use only

Aussie Broadband Limited  |  22 August 2025 - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
This Policy also applies to other companies’ Securities if you have Inside Information 
pertaining to another company. 
If you are subject to a blacklist restriction applying to another company’s Securities, you will 
be notified in writing by the Company Secretary or their delegate. 
4. 
What are the consequences of breaching this Policy? 
If you breach insider trading laws, you could be fined, sued and/or imprisoned.  Where 
compliance with this Policy is a condition of your employment, breaches of this Policy may 
also result in disciplinary action and/or summary termination of your appointment or 
employment. 
5. 
Insider trading 
It is an offence under the Corporations Act to trade while in possession of Inside 
Information, or communicate Inside Information to others who will, or are likely to, trade on 
the Inside Information. 
This means that an Aussie Broadband Person who possesses Inside Information (whether 
of Aussie Broadband or another company) must not: 
(a) 
apply for, acquire or dispose of relevant Securities, or agree to do so; 
(b) 
permit, procure, encourage or induce another person (including e.g. a self-
managed superannuation fund, company or family trust) to do any of the above 
things; or 
(c) 
directly or indirectly communicate the Inside Information to any other person, if the 
Aussie Broadband Person knows (or ought to know) that the other person may use 
the information to do any of the above things. 
5.2 
What is Inside Information? 
‘Inside Information’ is information that is not generally available and, if it was generally 
available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or 
value of the relevant Securities.  In simple terms, this means information which might 
influence someone to decide whether or not to buy or sell the Securities. 
Examples could include information relating to: 
• 
financial performance (e.g. sales or profit of Aussie Broadband or a division); 
• 
a material acquisition or disposal of assets, or takeover or merger; 
• 
an actual or proposed dividend or change in dividend policy; 
• 
an actual or proposed new share issue or change to capital structure; 
• 
the entry into or termination of a material contract; 
• 
a material claim or other unexpected liability; or 
• 
a significant change in senior management. 
For personal use only

Aussie Broadband Limited  |  22 August 2025 - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
Inside Information can include matters which are still in draft or not yet certain, and may 
include hints or rumours. 
Information is not Inside Information and is considered to be generally available if: 
• 
it consists of a ’readily observable’ matter; 
• 
it has been brought to the attention of investors by an ASX announcement and a 
reasonable period for its dissemination has elapsed since the announcement; or 
• 
it consists of observations, deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn 
from other generally available information. 
5.3 
Inside Information can come from any source 
Inside Information does not have to be obtained from Aussie Broadband.  It does not 
matter how or from where an Aussie Broadband Person obtains the Inside Information. 
5.4 
Conduct outside Australia is covered 
The Corporations Act prohibition applies to acts outside Australia, as well as in Australia. 
5.5 
Front Page Test 
It is important that public confidence in Aussie Broadband is maintained.  It would be 
damaging to Aussie Broadband’s reputation if the market or the general public perceived 
that Aussie Broadband Persons might be taking advantage of their position in Aussie 
Broadband to make financial gains (by dealing in Securities on the basis of Inside 
Information). 
As a guiding principle, when considering dealing in Securities, Aussie Broadband Persons 
should ask themselves:  
If the market were aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to 
be taking advantage of my position in an inappropriate way?  How would it look if 
the transaction were reported on the front page of the newspaper? (Front Page 
Test) 
If an Aussie Broadband Person is unsure, he or she should consult the Company Secretary 
(or in the case of the Company Secretary, the Chair). 
Where any approval is required for a dealing under this Policy, approval will not be granted 
where the dealing would not satisfy the Front Page Test. 
6. 
No trading except during Trading Windows  
There is a general prohibition in place meaning Aussie Broadband People must not trade, 
or procure another person to trade, in Aussie Broadband Securities given the heightened 
risk of actual or perceived insider trading.  However Aussie Broadband will declare 
“Trading Windows” where the general prohibition is lifted.  All periods outside the Trading 
Windows are therefore considered part of the Blackout Period.   
Trading Windows are published on SharePoint and are available from the Company 
Secretary. 
Trading Windows generally begin upon market open on the business day following the Half 
and Full Year results and will continue until the week before the end of the reporting period. 
For personal use only

Aussie Broadband Limited  |  22 August 2025 - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
Accordingly, unless otherwise determined by the Board, Trading Windows will typically 
occur during the following periods:  
• 
from the trading day after the release of Half Year results in February until 23 June 
each year; and  
• 
from the trading day after the release of Full Year results in August until 24 
December each year.  
The Board may permit a Trading Window at other times where it is of the view that the 
market is fully informed and there is no risk of actual or perceived insider trading. 
Each Trading Window will close at market close on the day stipulated by Aussie 
Broadband in its declaration of the Trading Window and will be published on SharePoint 
and will be available from the Company Secretary and Chair.  
The Board reserves the right to close any Trading Window at short notice.  Importantly, the 
existence of a Trading Window does not affect an individual’s obligation to not trade while 
in possession of Inside Information.  
7. 
No trading with Inside Information or during a Blackout Period 
The Blackout Periods are a minimum requirement.  If you possess Inside Information, 
you must not trade Securities or engage in any conduct in breach of insider trading laws 
whether or not a Blackout Period is operating.  The responsibility to ensure you comply 
with insider trading laws falls to each person individually, and you should exercise care and 
judgement in deciding whether to trade Securities.  If you are unsure, you should contact 
the Chair or Company Secretary.  
No orders for the sale or purchase of Aussie Broadband Securities are permitted to be 
placed with a broker during a Blackout Period, and orders placed prior to the 
commencement of a Blackout Period must be cancelled if not executed before the Blackout 
Period commences.  Provided an order was placed and executed prior to the 
commencement of a Blackout Period, it is not a breach of this Policy if the transaction 
settles after the commencement of a Blackout Period.  
In certain rare circumstances, Aussie Broadband People may be given clearance to 
dispose of Aussie Broadband Securities where they would otherwise be restricted due to 
the application of a Blackout Period. 
Those circumstances include where the person: 
• 
is in severe financial hardship or other exceptional circumstances apply (e.g. a 
bona fide family settlement); 
• 
has obtained the prior written approval of the Chair and Company Secretary of 
Aussie Broadband (or, in the case of the Chair and Company Secretary, the Group 
Chief Executive Officer (Group CEO) of Aussie Broadband); or 
• 
if the trade does not involve a change in beneficial ownership, and does not require 
disclosure to ASX. 
If an Aussie Broadband Person seeks to dispose of Aussie Broadband Securities during a 
Blackout Period, they must comply with the procedure for obtaining prior written clearance 
as set out in paragraph 9.4 of this Policy. 
Any request for prior written clearance given to an Aussie Broadband Person to dispose of 
Aussie Broadband Securities during a Blackout Period can be given or refused by Aussie 
For personal use only

Aussie Broadband Limited  |  22 August 2025 - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
Broadband in its discretion, without giving any reasons and can be withdrawn if new 
information comes to light or there is a change in circumstances.  If clearance to trade is 
refused, the Aussie Broadband Person seeking the clearance must keep that information 
confidential and not disclose it to anyone. 
Clearance will only be granted if the Aussie Broadband Person’s application is 
accompanied by sufficient evidence (in the opinion of the approver) that the dealing is the 
most reasonable course of action in the circumstances.   
Aussie Broadband’s decision to refuse clearance is final and binding on the Aussie 
Broadband Person seeking the clearance.  
The Company Secretary (or their nominated alternate) must maintain a record of all 
approvals given to dispose of Aussie Broadband Securities during a Blackout Period.  The 
Company Secretary (or their nominated alternate) must promptly inform the Aussie 
Broadband Board of all instances where clearance has been given to an Aussie Broadband 
Person to dispose of Aussie Broadband Securities during a Blackout Period. 
8. 
No short term or speculative trading 
Except as stated below, Aussie Broadband People must not deal in the same Aussie 
Broadband Securities within a 6 month period.  This means that. the sale of Aussie 
Broadband shares within 6 months after their purchase is prohibited by this Policy. 
Provided you do not possess Inside Information, this prohibition does not restrict the sale of 
Aussie Broadband Securities within 6 months following the vesting of, or exercise of, 
options or performance rights under an employee share scheme (e.g. an option plan, 
restricted share plan or share purchase plan). 
Aussie Broadband People are not permitted to “short sell” Aussie Broadband Securities. 
9. 
Restrictions on Derivatives and margin lending 
9.1 
No Derivatives over unvested or restricted Aussie Broadband Securities 
Aussie Broadband People must not use, or allow to be used, any Derivatives in relation to 
any unvested Aussie Broadband Securities or vested Aussie Broadband Securities that are 
still subject to disposal restrictions. 
The use of Derivatives over unvested Aussie Broadband Securities, or vested Aussie 
Broadband Securities that are still subject to disposal restrictions, can have the effect of 
distorting the proper functioning of these hurdles and reduce the intended alignment with 
shareholders’ interests. 
9.2 
Derivatives over vested and unrestricted Aussie Broadband Securities 
The appropriate use of Derivatives over vested and unrestricted Aussie Broadband 
Securities can encourage longer term holding of Aussie Broadband Securities and 
therefore increase with shareholders’ interests.  Accordingly, once Aussie Broadband 
Securities have vested and are not otherwise subject to disposal restrictions, Derivatives 
may be used in relation to those Securities. 
Notwithstanding the above, the use of Derivatives over vested Aussie Broadband 
Securities, like any other trading in Aussie Broadband Securities, must comply with the law 
and with the other provisions of this Policy, including in relation to short term trading, 
Blackout Periods and applicable notification and approval procedures. 
For personal use only

Aussie Broadband Limited  |  22 August 2025 - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
9.3 
Employee share schemes 
As a result of an exception under the law, the insider trading prohibitions do not prevent an 
Aussie Broadband Person who is in possession of Inside Information from applying for and 
acquiring Aussie Broadband Securities under an Aussie Broadband employee equity 
incentive scheme (e.g. an option plan, restricted share plan, or share purchase plan). 
However, if the Aussie Broadband Person possesses Inside Information, or a Blackout 
Period applies, the legal prohibitions will still prevent the Aussie Broadband Person from 
subsequently disposing of the Securities until the Inside Information has become generally 
available. 
9.4 
Prior notification and approval procedure in relation to Aussie Broadband Securities 
Without limiting paragraph 7 of this Policy, individuals who wish to trade in Aussie 
Broadband Securities and are members of any of the following groups must first seek 
approval in writing from the Chair and Company Secretary of Aussie Broadband (or 
delegate):   
• 
each Director (including executive or managing directors);  
• 
the direct reports of the Group CEO (in this Policy, the ‘Executive Leadership 
Group’); and  
• 
the direct reports of the Executive Leadership Group (the ‘Senior Leadership 
Group’).  
In the case that the Chair or Company Secretary wish to trade in Aussie Broadband 
Securities, approval must be obtained from the Group CEO. 
Approval to trade will be confirmed in writing and is valid for five (5) business days 
(inclusive of the approval date) unless otherwise stated.  Trading must not occur until 
approval has been granted in writing. 
Approval is conditional on a confirmation of trade being provided to the Company Secretary 
(or in the case of the Company Secretary, to the Chair) within two (2) days of the trade 
occurring. 
It should be noted that approval of proposed trading is intended as a compliance 
monitoring function only, and is never an endorsement of the proposed trade or a 
confirmation regarding the absence of Inside Information or of compliance with applicable 
laws.  Individuals remain responsible for their own investment decisions and their 
compliance with the law (including the insider trading prohibitions) and this Policy. 
Securities trading by close family members and closely connected entities of the Executive 
Leadership Group or Senior Leadership Group can raise similar insider trading issues and 
risks as trading by individuals in those groups personally. You should be aware of the 
negative perceptions that could arise if your family members trade in Aussie Broadband 
Securities during a Blackout Period. The Executive Leadership Group and the Senior 
Leadership Group must ensure that their family members, closely connected persons and 
entities are aware of this Policy and encourage them to avoid trading during Blackout 
Periods or at any other time that they possess Inside Information.  
The Executive Leadership Group and the Senior Leadership Group do not need to follow 
the formal notification and approval procedure required by this Policy where the 
disposal/acquisition of Securities arises from: 
• 
the acceptance of a takeover offer or equal access buyback; 
For personal use only

Aussie Broadband Limited  |  22 August 2025 - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
• 
the disposal of rights, or acquisition of Securities, pursuant to a pro rata issue; 
• 
an acquisition of Securities pursuant to a dividend reinvestment plan; or 
• 
the indirect or incidental trading that occurs as a result of trading units or shares in 
a managed investment scheme, listed investment company, exchange-traded fund 
or similar investment vehicle. 
The Chair and Company Secretary may, from time to time, require other Aussie Broadband 
Persons to comply with the prior notification and approval process applying to the 
Executive Leadership Group (e.g. when they have access to information about, or are 
working on, a particular market-sensitive matter). 
9.5 
Restrictions applicable to financing equity 
(a) 
Rationale 
To provide additional clarity to Aussie Broadband Persons in relation to the restrictions in 
this document on trading in Aussie Broadband Securities, the restrictions outlined in this 
paragraph 9.5 apply in relation to using Aussie Broadband Securities as financing equity. 
Financing equity poses risks to the compliance of Aussie Broadband Persons with this 
Policy, particularly where the terms of the financing arrangements may place these 
persons in a position of conflict with their obligations under this Policy and/or with the 
insider trading laws (e.g. if a call is made under a margin loan which results in Securities 
being sold while the relevant person possesses Inside Information). 
(b) 
General prohibition 
Subject to paragraph 9.5(c) of this Policy, all Aussie Broadband Persons are prohibited 
from using Aussie Broadband Securities as collateral in any financial transaction, including 
entering into margin loan arrangements in respect of Aussie Broadband Securities or 
transferring Aussie Broadband Securities to an existing margin loan account.  
(c) 
Exceptions 
Due to the risks outlined in paragraph (a) above, the following requirements apply in 
relation to financing arrangements with respect to Aussie Broadband Securities or 
Securities that are blacklisted: 
• 
a financing arrangement involving Aussie Broadband Securities must not be 
entered into unless the relevant individual  has first followed the notification and 
approval procedure detailed at paragraph 9.4 above;  
• 
subject to approval under the process detailed at paragraph 9.4 above, the 
relevant individual must ensure that the terms of the financing arrangements do not 
require, or allow for, the disposal of the relevant Securities at any time when this 
Policy would prohibit the person from trading the relevant Securities (e.g. including 
an express prohibition on disposal being required or allowed in those 
circumstances); and 
• 
the relevant individual must promptly inform the Chair and Company Secretary of 
Aussie Broadband (or, in his or her absence, the Group CEO) of any call that is 
made under the financing arrangements, and of the terms of that call. 
Aussie Broadband may publicly disclose the terms and nature of any financing 
arrangements to which an Aussie Broadband Director is a party, and the terms and 
circumstances of any call made or likely to be made under those arrangements. 
For personal use only

Aussie Broadband Limited  |  22 August 2025 - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
9.6 
Special requirements for Directors 
Aussie Broadband is required by law to disclose trading in its Securities by its Directors, 
within a prescribed period after trades occur. 
In order to facilitate Aussie Broadband’s compliance with its disclosure and reporting 
obligations, each Director of Aussie Broadband must notify the Company Secretary as 
soon as practicable after any trading in Aussie Broadband Securities occurs and, in any 
case, no more than two (2) days afterwards. 
Aussie Broadband may also publicly disclose any Derivative positions over Aussie 
Broadband Securities taken out by an Aussie Broadband Director. 
These disclosures may be made irrespective of whether or not they are technically required 
by the ASX Listing Rules or the Corporations Act. 
10. 
Key Terms used in this Policy  
Aussie Broadband means Aussie Broadband Limited ACN 132 090 192. 
Aussie Broadband Person has the meaning given to that term in paragraph 2 of this 
Policy. 
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Company Secretary means the company secretary of Aussie Broadband. 
Derivative means: 
(a) 
derivatives within the meaning given in section 761D of the Corporations Act (such 
as options, forward contracts, swaps, futures, warrants, caps and collars); and 
(b) 
any other transaction in financial products that operates to limit the economic risk 
associated with holding the relevant securities. 
Director means a director of Aussie Broadband. 
Group means Aussie Broadband and each of its controlled entities. 
Inside Information has the meaning given to that term in paragraph 5.2 of this Policy. 
Securities has the meaning given to that term in paragraph 3 of this Policy. 
Trade or Trading includes an acquisition or disposal of Securities, or the grant of any 
encumbrance over the Securities, or the engagement in any other transaction involving a 
beneficial interest or a change in beneficial ownership of the Securities, or the entry into 
any agreement to do any of the above things. 
For personal use only
