 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AGL Energy Limited 
ABN: 74 115 061 375 
Locked Bag 3013 
Australia Square NSW 1215 
Australia 
Level 24, 200 George St 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
T: +61 2 9921 2999 
F: +61 2 9921 2552 
www.agl.com.au 
 
 
1 
ASX & Media Release 
 
AGL Energy Limited – Updated Securities Dealing Policy 
12 May 2023 
Attached is a copy of AGL’s Securities Dealing Policy, which was updated on 10 May 2023. 
A copy is also available on AGL’s website https://www.agl.com.au 
Authorised for release by AGL’s Company Secretary, Melinda Hunter. 
 
Investor enquiries 
Media enquiries 
James Thompson 
Head of Investor Relations  
M: +61 403 183 563 
E: jthompson5@agl.com.au 
Paul Hitchins  
Senior Manager, Media Relations  
M: +61 419 315 001  
E: media@agl.com.au 
 
About AGL  
Proudly Australian for 185 years, AGL supplies around 4.3 million energy and telecommunications customer 
services. We’re committed to becoming a leading multi-product retailer, making energy and other essential 
services simple, fair and transparent. AGL operates Australia’s largest private electricity generation portfolio 
within the National Electricity Market, comprising coal and gas-fired generation, renewable energy sources 
such as wind, hydro and solar, batteries and other firming technology, and gas production and storage 
assets. We are building on our history as Australia’s leading private investor in renewable energy to now 
lead the business of transition to a low emissions, affordable and smart energy future in line with the goals 
of our Climate Transition Action Plan. We have a passionate belief in progress and a relentless 
determination to make things better for our communities, customers, the Australian economy and our 
planet.   
For more information visit agl.com.au 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Policy 
 
 
 
Securities Dealings Policy AGL Confidential 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
AGL Securities Dealing Policy 
 
 
 
This Policy relates to:  
All AGL Employees and Contractors 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealings Policy AGL Confidential 
Page 2 of 12 
1. Purpose 
The purpose of this Policy is to:  
 
prevent AGL and its employees from breaching legislative prohibitions on insider trading by dealing in the 
Securities of AGL or other companies while in possession of inside information; and  
 
ensure that public confidence is maintained in the reputation of AGL, its directors and employees of the 
Group and in the trading of AGL Securities. 
The Policy outlines when AGL Employees may deal in AGL Securities, or the Securities of other companies. 
An overview of insider trading laws can be found in Attachment 2 of this Policy. 
The definition of Securities is complex but includes shares in a company and derivative instruments such as 
exchange traded options and warrants.  It also includes rights to acquire shares (including shares not yet issued 
by the company). 
Unless otherwise indicated, all defined terms used in this Policy have the meaning given in the Glossary in 
paragraph 8 of this Policy. 
2. Application 
This Policy applies to: 
 
AGL’s Directors; 
 
employees of the Group; and 
 
contractors and consultants engaged by the Group. 
In this Policy, all of these people are referred to as AGL Employees. 
Additional responsibilities apply to AGL Directors, and to senior leaders and others identified as Designated 
Persons. 
Aspects of this Policy also extend to closely related parties of Designated Persons, such as family members or 
companies and other entities controlled by Designated Persons and their closely related parties (Connected 
Persons).   
If you are unsure about how this Policy applies to you or to any Securities you wish to deal in, you should seek 
assistance from the Company Secretary before you deal in the Security. 
3. AGL’s Policy Positions 
3.1. 
Prohibited dealing in AGL Securities 
AGL Employees must not deal, or procure or encourage a person to deal, in AGL Securities at any time if they 
are in possession of inside information about AGL (see Attachment 2 of this Policy for more information on what 
constitutes “inside information”) or where AGL has notified AGL Employees that they must not deal in Securities 
(either for a specified period, or until AGL gives further notice).  
AGL Employees also must not pass on any inside information to others (either within or outside AGL) unless it is 
necessary for business purposes and the AGL Employee has authority to communicate the information.  
In addition, and regardless of whether an AGL Employee is in possession of any inside information, AGL 
Employees must not deal in AGL Securities during the following blackout periods: 
 
the period between 1 July and the close of business on the day after AGL announces its preliminary final 
results (Appendix 4E); 
 
the period between 1 January and the close of business on the day after AGL announces its half year 
results (Appendix 4D); and 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealings Policy AGL Confidential 
Page 3 of 12 
 
any other period that the Board may specify from time to time. 
Where the Board imposes additional blackout periods from time to time, to protect confidentiality there may not 
be any internal notification by AGL that a prohibition on dealing is in place. The Company Secretary may advise 
that a prohibition is in place when a request for permission to deal in AGL Securities is received in accordance 
with this Policy, but the Company Secretary may not necessarily be in a position to explain why or how long the 
prohibition will be in place. 
3.2. 
The Front Page Test 
In addition to the prohibition on dealing in AGL Securities referred to in paragraph 3.1 above, it is important that 
public confidence in AGL is maintained. It would be damaging to AGL’s reputation if the market or the general 
public perceived that AGL Employees might be taking advantage of their position in AGL to make financial gains 
(by dealing in Securities on the basis of inside information).  
As a guiding principle, when considering dealing in Securities AGL Employees and their Connected Persons 
should ask themselves: 
If the market were aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to be taking advantage of 
my position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the transaction were reported on the front page 
of the newspaper?  (The Front Page Test) 
If an AGL Employee is unsure, he or she should consult the Company Secretary. 
Where any approval is required for a dealing under this Policy, approval will not be granted where the dealing 
would not satisfy the Front Page Test. 
3.3. 
Dealing in Securities of other companies 
From time to time, AGL will be engaged in activities which might result in inside information about another 
company becoming available to some AGL Employees because of their role or position with AGL.  For example: 
 
another company may provide information about itself, or about a third company, to AGL in the course of a 
proposed transaction; 
 
AGL may be considering a transaction which, if implemented, may have an effect on another company and 
the value of that company’s Securities; or 
 
AGL may receive information about the financial or operating performance of a company that AGL has a 
joint venture with or an investment in. 
AGL Employees must not deal in Securities of another company if they are aware of inside information about that 
other company, no matter how they came into possession of that information.  
3.4. 
Short-term or speculative dealing 
AGL encourages AGL Employees to be long-term investors in AGL Securities and to act in a way that promotes 
growth in long-term returns for all holders of AGL Securities.  Speculation in short-term fluctuations in the value of 
AGL Securities does not promote market confidence in the integrity of AGL or AGL Employees. 
AGL Employees must not deal in AGL Securities as a short-term trader or on a speculative basis. 
AGL Employees who acquire AGL Securities must not dispose of those Securities, or enter into arrangements 
(such as margin loans) which could result in those Securities being disposed of, within 3 months of acquisition. 
This prohibition does not apply to: 
 
Securities acquired as a result of the exercise of an option or similar right where the option or right has been 
held for at least 3 months; 
 
AGL shares acquired by AGL Employees under an AGL employee equity plan, including AGL’s Long Term 
Incentive Plan, AGL’s Share Purchase Plan, or AGL’s Employee Share Reward Plan; and 
 
Share rights acquired pursuant to an entitlement offer made on a pro rata basis to AGL Shareholders. 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealings Policy AGL Confidential 
Page 4 of 12 
3.5. 
Short selling and stock lending 
AGL Employees are prohibited from entering into short selling or stock lending arrangements in relation to AGL 
Securities. Short selling refers to the practice of borrowing a security and selling it in the hope that it can be 
bought back at a lower price at some time in the future to close out the short position. 
3.6. 
Hedging and derivatives 
AGL may grant AGL shares, options or performance rights to AGL Employees as part of their remuneration 
entitlements.  These grants will usually be subject to the satisfaction of performance hurdles before they vest in 
the AGL Employee. 
The use of Derivatives over unvested AGL Securities has the potential to allow AGL Employees to realise value 
from those Securities even if the performance hurdles have not been satisfied.  This would undermine the 
intended alignment between the performance of AGL Employees and the interests of AGL shareholders.  
AGL Employees are not permitted to use Derivatives in relation to any unvested AGL Securities.   
AGL Employees may use Derivatives in relation to AGL Securities which have vested, provided any dealing in 
those Derivatives complies with the other requirements of this Policy (including approval requirements) and the 
AGL Securities are not subject to a holding lock. 
3.7. 
Margin Loans or other secured financing arrangements 
Margin loans and other secured financing arrangements to support an investment in Securities have the potential 
to compromise an AGL Employee’s ability to comply with this Policy or with the legal prohibition against insider 
trading.  This is because the terms of a margin loan or other secured financing arrangement may require the sale 
of Securities during a blackout period (in relation to AGL Securities) or at a time when the AGL Employee is in 
possession of inside information about AGL or another company in which the AGL Employee holds Securities. 
AGL Employees are prohibited from entering into margin loan arrangements (and other secured financing 
arrangements) to fund the acquisition of AGL Securities or in relation to which AGL Securities may be used as a 
security against repayment of the loan.  
4. Specific rules for Designated Persons 
4.1. 
Who is a Designated Person? 
Additional safeguards are necessary to manage the enhanced risks, including to avoid the potential for adverse 
public perceptions, as a result of dealings in AGL Securities by AGL Employees in senior or specific roles.  For 
the purposes of this Policy, these AGL Employees are Designated Persons. 
A Designated Person is an AGL Employee who is: 
 
an AGL Director; 
 
a member of AGL’s Executive Team;  
 
a member of AGL’s Enterprise Leadership Team;  
 
an executive assistant of a member of AGL’s Executive Team; or 
 
designated as such by the Company Secretary from time to time. 
4.2. 
Dealings in AGL Securities by Designated Persons 
Any Designated Person who proposes dealing in AGL Securities at any time must, before the dealing occurs, 
seek approval for the proposed dealing by completing and submitting a notice in the form attached as Attachment 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealings Policy AGL Confidential 
Page 5 of 12 
1 to this Policy to the Company Secretary.  For the avoidance of doubt, this requirement includes any proposed 
dealing in Derivatives in respect of fully vested AGL Shares. 
The Designated Person must not undertake the proposed dealing until it has been approved in writing in 
accordance with the following protocol: 
Dealing to be undertaken by 
Dealing to be approved by 
A non-executive Director 
Chair of AGL Board 
Chair of AGL Board 
Chair of Audit & Risk Management Committee 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
Chair of AGL Board 
Chief Financial Officer 
Chair of AGL Board 
Member of Executive Team 
CEO 
Company Secretary 
CEO 
All other Designated Persons 
Company Secretary 
If the applicable approver is not available, their nominated alternate may consider and approve the proposed 
dealing. 
The approver may consult with members of management as appropriate.  
Any approval to trade can be given, withdrawn, or refused by the applicable approver in his or her absolute 
discretion without giving reason.  
A decision to refuse approval is final and binding on the person seeking the approval. If approval to trade in AGL 
Securities is withdrawn or refused, the person seeking the approval must keep that information confidential and 
not disclose it to anyone. Any approval to trade under this Policy is not an endorsement from AGL and the person 
undertaking the trade is individually responsible for their investment decisions and their compliance with insider 
trading laws.  
There are certain times during the year when approval under this Policy is more likely to be granted. These are 
the four-week periods immediately following each blackout period. 
Designated Persons who wish to seek approval to trade under this Policy are encouraged to do so during these 
periods. 
Any approval to undertake the proposed dealing will be valid for one week unless it is withdrawn. Completion of 
the proposed dealing must not occur during a blackout period and will be deemed to be withdrawn if the person 
becomes aware of inside information prior to undertaking the dealing. The proposed dealing must otherwise 
comply with the requirements of this Policy. 
The requirements for Designated Persons to seek approval before dealing in AGL Securities do not apply to: 
 
the acquisition of AGL Securities under an AGL employee equity plan, including AGL’s Long Term Incentive 
Plan, AGL’s Employee Share Plan or AGL’s Share Purchase Plan; 
 
the acquisition of AGL Securities under AGL’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan; 
 
the acquisition of AGL Securities as a result of the exercise of rights acquired pursuant to an entitlement 
offer made on a pro rata basis to all AGL Shareholders; 
 
the on-market sale of rights acquired pursuant to an entitlement offer made on a pro rata basis to AGL 
Shareholders; 
 
the disposal of AGL Securities through the acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme of arrangement or equal 
access buy-back; 
 
dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the AGL Securities (for example, 
transfers of AGL Securities already held by a Designated Person into a superannuation fund or trust of 
which the Designated Person is a beneficiary); and 
 
trading under a pre-approved non-discretionary trading plan, where the AGL Employee or Connected 
Person did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a blackout period, the plan does not permit the 
AGL Employee or Connected Person to exercise any influence or discretion in relation to trading under the 
plan and the plan cannot be cancelled during a blackout period, other than in exceptional circumstances 
(although employees must still take care to comply with the law). 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealings Policy AGL Confidential 
Page 6 of 12 
However, any dealing under one of these exceptions remains subject to compliance with insider trading laws and 
the Front Page Test noted above at all times. 
4.3. 
Restrictions applicable to Connected Persons  
This Policy extends to Connected Persons of Designated Persons in relation to dealing in AGL Securities.  For 
the purposes of this Policy, a Designated Person’s Connected Persons include: 
 
close family members including a spouse or partner and dependent children; and 
 
companies, partnerships or trusts and other entities (such as family trusts or self-managed superannuation 
funds) controlled by the Designated Person or any close family member of a Designated Person.   
This means that, where practicable, a Designated Person must take appropriate steps for Connected Persons to: 
 
avoid dealing in AGL Securities during a blackout period; 
 
avoid dealing in AGL Securities as a short-term trader or on a speculative basis; 
 
seek approval for any proposed dealings in AGL Securities; and 
 
otherwise avoid breaching this Policy (which will be read as if references to “Designated Person” throughout 
the Policy was a reference to Connected Persons). 
4.4. 
Notification by Directors of dealing in AGL Securities 
AGL is required to notify the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) within 5 business days of any dealings by 
AGL Directors in AGL Securities.  To allow AGL to meet its ASX obligations, AGL Directors must notify the 
Company Secretary as soon as practicable (and, in any case, no later than close of business on the second day 
after the dealing is entered into). 
The Company Secretary (or delegate) will notify the ASX of the Director’s dealing in AGL Securities using 
Appendix 3Y as required by the ASX Listing Rules.  The Company Secretary (or delegate) will promptly provide 
all Directors with a copy of each Appendix 3Y sent to the ASX. 
5. Exceptional Circumstances 
5.1. 
Exemption to allow dealings during blackout periods 
If an AGL Employee needs to dispose of AGL Securities during a blackout period, they must first seek written 
approval from the person specified in paragraph 4.2 (or their nominated alternate) if they are a Designated 
Person or otherwise from the Company Secretary.  
The relevant approver has the discretion to give approval to an AGL Employee to dispose of AGL Securities 
during a blackout period if all of the following conditions are satisfied: 
 
the AGL Employee is experiencing severe financial hardship and can only meet their financial commitments 
by selling their Securities, compulsion by court order or there are other exceptional circumstances;  
 
the AGL Employee is not actually in possession of inside information about AGL; and  
 
the Securities are not otherwise subject to a restriction on disposal (eg shares awarded under AGL’s 
Employee Share Plan). 
Approval will only be granted if the AGL Employee or Connected Person’s application is accompanied by 
sufficient evidence (in the opinion of the approver) that the dealing is the most reasonable course of action 
available in the circumstances. 
An AGL Employee should use the form attached as Attachment 1 to this Policy to seek approval to dispose of 
AGL Securities during a blackout period.  Full details of why the AGL Employee considers that exceptional 
circumstances exist should be included, including any supporting evidence. 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealings Policy AGL Confidential 
Page 7 of 12 
The Company Secretary (or delegate) must maintain a record of all approvals given to sell AGL Securities during 
a blackout period. 
The Company Secretary (or delegate) must promptly inform the AGL Board of all instances where approval has 
been given to an AGL Employee to sell AGL Securities during a blackout period. 
6. Rules applying to approvals for all AGL 
Employees 
The following rules apply to any approval sought under this Policy: 
 
a request for approval to deal will be answered as soon as practicable, however it is recommended that the 
AGL Employee apply for approval to deal at least 2 business days prior to the intended date of dealing;  
 
the relevant approver may request more information from the AGL Employee, direct the AGL Employee not 
to deal, or impose conditions on the dealing in their discretion, and is not obliged to provide reasons for their 
decision; 
 
approval can be withdrawn at any time by the approver at their discretion without giving a reason for this 
decision. This may occur because new information comes to light or there is a change in circumstances.  
 
If approval is refused or withdrawn, the AGL Employee must keep that information confidential.  
 
An AGL Employee and their Connected Person must not deal in securities if they possess inside 
information, even if approval is given under this Policy. 
7. Other Matters 
7.1. 
Breach of this Policy  
AGL Employees who fail to adhere to the requirements of this Policy may face disciplinary action. 
Any known or suspected instances of non-compliance with this Policy must be reported to the Company 
Secretary for investigation. 
7.2. 
Date of effect 
This Policy has been approved by AGL’s Board and has effect from 10 May 2023. 
7.3. 
Further information about this Policy 
If you have any questions about the application of this Policy to you, please contact the Company Secretary 
(Melinda Hunter – MHunter1@agl.com.au or 0499 025 611). 
7.4. 
Review of this Policy 
This Policy shall be reviewed biennially by AGL’s Audit and Risk Management Committee and any changes 
approved by the AGL Board. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealings Policy AGL Confidential 
Page 8 of 12 
8. Glossary 
Term 
Definition 
AGL 
means AGL Energy Limited (ABN 74 115 061 375). 
AGL Board 
means the board of directors of AGL. 
AGL Employees 
means each director, officer and employee of the Group, and each contractor and 
consultant to the Group who are contractually bound to comply with this Policy. 
AGL Executive 
Team 
means AGL Employees who hold a senior management role and who are direct 
reports of AGL’s Chief Executive Officer. 
Blackout period 
means each of the following periods: 
 
the period between 1 July and the close of business on the day after AGL 
announces its preliminary final results (Appendix 4E); 
 
the period between 1 January and the close of business on the day after AGL 
announces its half year results (Appendix 4D); and 
 
any other period that the Board may specify from time to time. 
Company Secretary 
means the Company Secretary of AGL from time to time. 
Connected Person 
in relation to a Designated Person means: 
 
a member of the Designated Person’s close family; and  
 
a company, partnership or trust controlled by the Designated Person or a close 
family member of the Designated Person. 
Corporations Act 
means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Deal or dealing 
in relation to Securities means to acquire or dispose of any economic interest in 
those Securities.  The term is intended to be interpreted broadly and includes: 
 
acquiring or disposing of the Securities; 
 
entering into an agreement to acquire or dispose of the Securities; or 
 
granting, accepting, acquiring, disposing, exercising, or discharging an option 
or other right or obligation to acquire or dispose of the Securities. 
Derivatives 
has the meaning given in section 761D of the Corporations Act and includes options, 
forward contracts, swaps, futures contracts and warrants and any combination of 
one or more of these things or any other arrangement which operates to limit the 
economic risk of an unvested holding in AGL Securities or which itself or in 
combination with one or more other Derivatives would have the effect of providing an 
AGL Employee with a greater benefit than would otherwise have been realised in 
respect of the unvested AGL Securities. 
Designated Person 
has the meaning provided to it in paragraph 4.1. 
Enterprise 
Leadership Team 
includes the Executive Team, direct reports of the Executive Team and any other 
person invited by the Executive Team to be a member of the Enterprise Leadership 
Team. 
Group 
includes AGL and its related bodies corporate. 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealings Policy AGL Confidential 
Page 9 of 12 
Term 
Definition 
Inside information 
in relation to a company means information about the company that is not generally 
available and that, if it were to be made generally available, would reasonably be 
expected to have a material effect on the price or value of Securities issued by the 
company. 
Securities 
include shares, options, rights, debentures, interests in a managed investment 
scheme, Derivatives, and financial products covered by section 1042A of the 
Corporations Act. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealings Policy AGL Confidential 
Page 10 of 12 
Attachment 1 
AGL Securities – Request for Approval to Deal 
AGL’s Securities Dealing Policy requires Designated Persons (as defined in the Policy) to seek approval for a 
proposed dealing in AGL Securities as set out in the Policy. In addition, all AGL Employees (not just Designated 
Persons) must seek approval to deal in AGL Securities during a blackout period (i.e. due to exceptional 
circumstances). 
To be completed by AGL Employee 
Name: 
 
Position: 
 
I request approval to deal in AGL Securities as follows: 
Securities: 
Insert description of the Securities (eg AGL shares) 
Details of proposed 
dealing: 
Insert details of proposed dealing (eg buy or sell; number of Securities involved)  
Name of person 
dealing: 
Insert name of person proposing to deal.  If not the AGL Employee, describe the 
relationship of the person to the AGL Employee 
Reasons for dealing 
(to be completed if 
approval sought to 
trade during a blackout 
period due to 
exceptional 
circumstances) 
Insert details of exceptional circumstances and attach supporting documentation 
(if applicable) 
I confirm the following: 
 
I have read and understood AGL’s Securities Dealing Policy (the Policy) and confirm that the proposed 
dealing will not contravene the Policy or insider trading laws. 
 
The proposed dealing will comply with the Policy and will not be undertaken until I have received approval to 
deal. 
 
The dealing will be undertaken within 7 days of approval being granted (unless approval is withdrawn before 
the dealing takes place). 
 
I am responsible for complying with applicable laws relating to insider trading. 
Signed: 
Date: 
To be completed by person approving proposed dealing in AGL Securities 
Approval for the proposed dealing has been granted:    
Yes □  No □ 
Signed: 
Name: 
Date: 
 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealings Policy AGL Confidential 
Page 11 of 12 
Attachment 2 
Insider Trading Laws 
The Corporations Act prohibits a person from dealing, or procuring or encouraging other persons to deal, in the 
Securities of a company if the person: 
 
possesses inside information about the company; and 
 
knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the information is inside information. 
For AGL Employees, this prohibition applies to dealing, or procuring or encouraging other persons to deal, in 
AGL Securities and communicating inside information about AGL to another person who is likely to deal, or 
procure or encourage another person to deal, in AGL Securities.  It can also apply to dealing in Securities of 
another company where an AGL Employee is in possession of inside information about that other company.  
If an AGL Employee is in possession of inside information about AGL, they must not trade in AGL Securities at 
any time, including outside a blackout period. This is even if the AGL Employee has been given prior clearance 
under this Policy to deal in AGL Securities (whether in exceptional circumstances or otherwise). 
A. What is “inside information? 
Inside information is information about a company that is not generally available and, if it were to be made 
generally available, would reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the price or value of Securities 
issued by the company.   
Information is generally available if: 
 
it consists of readily observable matter; 
 
it has been publicly disclosed by an announcement to the ASX and a reasonable period for its 
dissemination among investors has elapsed; or 
 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from other generally available 
information. 
AGL has legal obligations to immediately disclose to the market all information which would reasonably be 
expected to have a material effect on the price or value of its Securities.  However, there are circumstances 
where information of this kind is not required to be disclosed, particularly if it is confidential and relates to an 
incomplete proposal or to matters which are insufficiently definite to warrant disclosure. 
Examples of information that might be inside information include information about: 
 
AGL’s current or expected future financial performance, particularly in comparison with forecast results or 
market expectations; 
 
a substantial transaction under consideration; 
 
an actual or proposed change to capital structure, including a share issue or a debt refinancing; and 
 
a material claim or unexpected liability. 
Inside information does not have to be obtained from AGL – it does not matter how or from where an AGL 
Employee obtained the information. 
Please seek assistance from the Company Secretary if you have any questions or doubt about whether you 
would be considered to hold “inside information” at a particular time. 
B. What is dealing in Securities? 
You deal in Securities if you acquire or dispose of any economic interest in those Securities.  This includes: 
 
acquiring or disposing of the Securities; 
 
entering into an agreement to acquire or dispose of the Securities; or 
 
granting, accepting, acquiring, disposing, exercising, or discharging an option or other right or obligation to 
acquire or dispose of the Securities. 
C. Consequences of breaching prohibition against insider trading 
Insider trading is a criminal offence and may attract substantial fines or imprisonment.  Civil penalties may also 
apply, including the payment of compensation to any person who has suffered loss or damage because of insider 
trading. 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealings Policy AGL Confidential 
Page 12 of 12 
The ASX, the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC), and external governance advisers all 
monitor AGL’s compliance with this Policy.  Breaches of the Policy by AGL Employees can have material adverse 
consequences for AGL’s reputation with the ASX and ASIC, and with the investment community at large. 
 
For personal use only
