 
Securities Trading Policy     Updated November 2010 
1. Policy Statement 
 
Air New Zealand (“the Company”) is committed to 
transparency and fairness in dealing with all of its 
stakeholders and to ensuring adherence to all 
applicable laws and regulations. 
 
No director or employee may use his or her position 
of confidential knowledge of the Company or its 
business to engage in securities trading for personal 
benefit or to provide benefit to any third party. 
 
2. Fundamental Rule 
 
Insider trading  is prohibited at all times: 
An “insider” is any person who has the benefit of 
inside information. 
 
“Inside Information” is information about a publicly 
listed company which is not generally available to 
the public, and which is material (i.e. likely to 
influence persons in deciding whether or not to 
acquire or dispose of shares). 
 
If you possess “inside information” about a company 
then you must not trade (buy or sell) nor advise or 
encourage others to trade or hold that company’s 
securities (shares), or pass on the inside information 
to others.  This prohibition applies regardless of how 
you learn the information. 
 
3. Criminal Liability / Policy Breach 
 
The offence, called “insider trading”, can subject you 
to criminal liability including large fines and/or 
imprisonment, and civil liability, which may include 
being sued by another party or company for any loss 
suffered as a result of illegal trading.  In addition Air 
New Zealand will take disciplinary action, up to and 
including termination, against any employee who 
breaches this Policy. 
 
4. Policy Directives 
Except as provided for under the Approved 
Trading Procedure, no employee or director of the 
Company or its subsidiary companies may, directly 
or through other persons or entities: 
(a) buy or sell Air New Zealand securities; or 
(b) advise or encourage someone else to buy, sell 
or hold (not sell) Air New Zealand securities; 
 
 
Following an approved trade, Restricted Persons must 
advise the General Counsel within 5 business days and 
must comply with any disclosure obligations they have 
under the Securities Markets Act. 
 
 
It is up to each individual to make your own 
determination before buying or selling securities as to 
whether or not you are in possession of material 
information not publicly available, and have therefore 
become an insider.   
 
Liability is presumed even if you are unaware of the 
sensitivity of the information.  
 
5. Restricted Persons and Periods 
 
If you are a Restricted Person you may not trade Air 
New Zealand securities at all during Restricted 
Periods. 
 
Restricted Persons are the people most likely to 
become 
insiders. 
They 
are 
directors, 
senior 
executives and staff members who are involved in 
material 
transactions 
and 
financial 
reporting 
concerning the Company and anyone connected with 
those people. 
 
  Restricted Periods are: 
(a) from 31 December until the day following the day 
on which Air New Zealand’s half year results are 
released publicly to the NZSX and ASX, and; 
 
(b) from 30 June until the day following the day on 
which Air New Zealand’s full year results are released 
publicly to the NZSX and ASX, 
 
Restricted Persons must advise the General Counsel 
promptly following completion of any trade, and a 
Restricted Person must comply with any disclosure 
obligations it has under the Securities Markets Act 
 
If in doubt – do not trade! 
 
6. Approved Trading Procedure 
 
Outside the Restricted Periods, all Restricted 
Persons must in respect of any intended trade in Air 
New Zealand securities, obtain the Company’s prior 
written consent to trade, by following the Approved 
Trading Procedure. 
 
                                             Continued  
 
For personal use only

 
If you are not a Restricted Person and intend to trade 
Air New Zealand shares with a total value of $10,000 or 
more, you must also obtain prior written consent by 
following the Approved Trading Procedure. 
 
 
Policy authorised by: 
 
 
Chief Executive Officer  
 
 
For further information on this Policy, please contact: 
John Blair, General Counsel & Company Secretary 
 
Air New Zealand Limited reserves the 
right to amend, update or withdraw its 
corporate policies without prior notice.   
 
For personal use only
