 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
Alkane Resources Ltd ACN 000 689 216 (Company)  
1 
Purpose 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
! 
assist those persons covered by the policy to comply with their obligations under the insider 
trading provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act); 
! 
aim to ensure that the reputation of the Company and its subsidiaries (Group) is not adversely 
impacted by perceptions of trading in the Company’s securities at certain times, and to ensure a 
proper market for the Company’s securities is maintained that supports shareholder and investor 
confidence;  
! 
establish a procedure for trading in the Company’s securities by persons covered by the policy 
setting out:  
- 
the periods when trading is prohibited;  
- 
the restrictions on trading;  
- 
the exceptional circumstances when trading may be permitted during a prohibited period 
with prior written clearance;  
- 
the procedure to obtain written clearance to trade (including during a prohibited period); 
and 
- 
trading that is excluded from the policy; and 
! 
comply with the ASX Listing Rules.   
This policy is for the protection of the Company and each of the persons covered by the policy.  If you 
do not understand any part of this policy, or the summary of the law relating to insider trading, or how it 
applies to you, you should contact the Company Secretary before trading in any securities covered by 
this policy.  Ultimately it is your responsibility to make sure that none of your trading constitutes insider 
trading in contravention of this policy.   
Restricted Persons (defined below) should note, in accordance with section 7, they must not trade in 
Company Securities at any time, including in the exceptional circumstances referred to in section 6, 
unless the Restricted Person first obtains prior written clearance.  
In addition, Employees (defined below), in accordance with sections 5 and 9, must not trade during a 
Prohibited Period (defined in section 5) or engage in short term trading (as per section 9) without prior 
written clearance.  
For personal use only

 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
2 
Who does this policy apply to? 
This policy applies to all employees of the Group (Employee) including a Connected Person (as defined 
below). In addition, there are certain aspects of the Policy that apply to Restricted Persons, being a 
person who: 
(a) 
has authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the 
Company, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of the 
Company (Key Management Personnel); and/or 
(b) 
an Employee who is: 
(i) 
at senior management level or above; or 
 
(ii) 
whose role is corporate and administrative; or 
 
(iii) 
whose role is in exploration; or 
 
(iv) 
who the Board determines is a Restricted Employee in its absolute discretion at any time, 
 
(Restricted Employee);  
 
(c) 
is a key or senior contractor or consultant, engaged by, or providing services to, the Group, as 
the Board determines in its absolute discretion; and/or 
(d) 
a Connected Person (as defined below) of a member of Key Management Personnel and/or a 
Restricted Employee. 
A Connected Person means a spouse or partner, child or step-child under 18 years, a parent, an 
unlisted body corporate which the Key Management Personnel, Employee or Restricted Employee 
controls or is a director of, a trust of which the Key Management Personnel, Employee or Restricted 
Employee is a trustee and of which he or she or any of the persons referred to above is a beneficiary 
or any other person over whom the Key Management Personnel, Employee or Restricted Employee 
has significant influence or control.  Where this policy requires a Restricted Person to do an act or thing, 
the relevant Restricted Person must do that act or thing in respect of the Connected Person. 
 
3 
What securities are covered by this policy? 
This policy applies to trading in all securities issued or invested in by the Company, and includes the 
following types of securities: 
(a) 
shares, share acquisition rights and options; 
(b) 
debentures (including bonds and notes); 
(c) 
derivatives of any of the above (including equity swaps, futures, hedges and exchange-traded or 
over-the-counter options) whether settled by cash or otherwise; 
(d) 
securities in a separately listed entity where the Company has a >10% shareholding and / or has 
a nominated Board representative,  
(Company Securities).  
The insider trading provisions in the Corporations Act also apply to the securities of other companies 
and entities if you have inside information about that company or entity.  These other companies and 
entities may include suppliers or customers of the Group; joint venture partners; or companies that the 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
Company or another member of the Group has entered (or is planning to enter) into a transaction with, 
for example a takeover or asset sale.   
To trade in securities means, whether as principal or agent: 
(a) 
to apply for, acquire or dispose of securities; 
 
(b) 
to enter into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of securities; and 
 
(c) 
to exercise an option or the conversion of a share acquisition right.   
4 
Insider trading prohibition 
4.1 
What is Inside Information? 
Inside Information is information that:  
(a) 
is not generally available; and  
 
(b) 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the 
price or value of the securities.   
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price or 
value of securities if (and only if) the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons who 
commonly acquire securities in deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of those securities.  In 
other words, the information must be shown to be material to the investment decision of a reasonable 
hypothetical investor in the securities.   
It does not matter how you come to know the Inside Information.  For the purpose of the insider trading 
provisions of the Corporations Act, information is given a wide meaning and includes matters of 
supposition and other matters that are insufficiently definite to warrant being made known to the public 
and matters relating to the intentions, or the likely intentions of a person.   
Examples of information which, if made available to the market, may depending on the circumstances 
be likely to have a material effect on the price of Company Securities are set out in the Appendix.   
4.2 
When is information generally available? 
Information is generally available if: 
(a) 
it consists of ‘readily observable matter’ – that is, facts directly observable in the public arena; 
(b) 
it has been made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, bring it to the attention of 
persons who commonly invest in securities of a kind whose price or value might be affected by 
the information and since it was made known, a reasonable period for it to be disseminated 
among such persons has elapsed; or  
(c) 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information of the kind 
referred to in (a) or (b) above.   
4.3 
Prohibited conduct 
In summary, the Corporations Act prohibits three types of conduct relating to trading on Inside 
Information: 
(a) 
the direct or indirect acquisition or disposal of securities using Inside Information; 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
(b) 
the procurement of another person to acquire or dispose of securities using Inside Information; 
and  
(c) 
communication of Inside Information to another person for the purpose of the other person 
acquiring or disposing of securities. 
You must not, whether in your own capacity or as an agent for another, apply for, acquire or dispose 
of, or enter into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of, any securities, or procure another 
person to do so if you: 
(d) 
possess Inside Information; and  
(e) 
know or ought reasonably to know, that: 
(i) 
the information is not generally available or readily observable; and 
(ii) 
if it were generally available, it might have a material effect on the price or value of the 
securities or influence a person's decision to buy or sell the securities.    
Further, you must not either directly or indirectly pass on this kind of information to another person if 
they know, or ought reasonably to know, that this other person is likely to apply for, acquire or dispose 
of the securities or procure another person to do so.   
4.4 
Consequences of insider trading 
Engaging in insider trading (as summarised in section 4.3), can subject you to criminal liability, including 
substantial monetary fines and/or imprisonment.  You may also be subject to civil liability, which may 
include being sued by another party or the Company, for any loss suffered as a result of insider trading. 
Breaches of this policy are also a breach of conditions of employment and may lead to disciplinary 
action, including dismissal.   Insider trading is prohibited at all times. 
5 
Blackout periods 
In addition to the prohibitions on insider trading set out in the Corporations Act, all Restricted Persons 
and Employees must not trade in Company Securities in the periods: 
• 
from two weeks prior to until the beginning of trading on the first trading day after the day of 
the release of the Company’s quarterly reports; 
• 
from two weeks prior to until the beginning of trading on the first trading day after the day of 
the release of the Company’s half year financial results; and 
• 
from two weeks prior to until the beginning of trading on the first trading day after the day of 
the release of the Company’s full year financial results, 
(Blackout Periods), unless the circumstances are exceptional and the procedure for prior written 
clearance described in section 7 has been met.  
In addition to the prohibitions on insider trading set out in the Corporations Act, Restricted Persons 
must not trade in Company Securities within any period imposed by the Board from time to time, for 
example because the Company is considering matters that would require disclosure to the market 
pursuant to ASX Listing Rule 3.1A (Additional Period), unless the circumstances are exceptional and 
the procedure for prior written clearance described in section 7 has been met.  This prohibition is in 
addition to the Blackout Periods. The Blackout Periods and the Additional Period are together referred 
to as a Prohibited Period in this policy.  Restricted Persons must not disclose to anyone that an 
Additional Period is in effect.   
For personal use only

 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
The Company Secretary will endeavour to notify all Key Management Personnel, Restricted Employees 
and Employees of the times when they are not permitted to buy or sell the Company’s Securities as set 
out above. 
Please note that even if it is outside a Prohibited Period, Restricted Persons must not trade in the 
Company's Securities if they are in possession of Inside Information.   
6 
Exceptional circumstances when trading may be permitted 
subject to prior written clearance 
A Restricted Person, who is not in possession of Inside Information, may be given prior written 
clearance to trade in Company Securities during a Prohibited Period in accordance with the procedure 
described in section 7, in the following exceptional circumstances: 
(a) 
where the person is in severe financial hardship; or  
(b) 
where there are other circumstances deemed to be exceptional by the person granting the prior 
written clearance.   
The determination of whether a person is in severe financial hardship or whether there are other 
exceptional circumstances can only be made by the relevant Approving Officer in accordance with the 
procedure for obtaining clearance prior to trading set out in section 7.  A person may be in severe 
financial hardship if he or she has a pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise 
than by selling the relevant Company Securities.  A tax liability would not normally constitute severe 
financial hardship unless the person has no other means of satisfying the liability.  
In the interests of an expedient and informed determination by the Approving Officer, any application 
for an exemption allowing the sale of Company Securities in a Prohibited Period based on financial 
hardship must be made in writing stating all of the facts and be accompanied by copies of relevant 
supporting documentation, including contact details of the person’s accountant, bank and other such 
independent institutions (where applicable).  
A circumstance may be considered exceptional if the person in question is required by a court order or 
a court enforceable undertaking to transfer or sell, or accept a transfer of, the Company Securities or 
there is some other overriding legal or regulatory requirement for him or her to do so.  
Any application for an exemption allowing the sale of Company Securities in a Prohibited Period based 
on exceptional circumstances must be made in writing and be accompanied by relevant court and/or 
supporting legal documentation (where applicable).  
Any exemption, if issued, will be in writing and shall contain a specified time period during which the 
sale of securities can be made. 
7 
Procedure for obtaining written clearance prior to trading 
Restricted Persons must not trade in Company Securities at any time, including in the exceptional 
circumstances referred to in section 6, unless the Restricted Person first obtains prior written clearance 
from: 
(a) 
in the case of Employees and Restricted Employees, the Managing Director or in his absence, a 
Company Secretary; 
(b) 
in the case of a director or officer and other Key Management Personnel, the Chair or in his 
absence, the Managing Director; 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
(c) 
in case of the Managing Director, the Chair or, in his absence, the Chair of the Audit Committee; 
or 
(d) 
in the case of the Chair, the Chair of the Audit Committee, 
(each, an Approving Officer). 
A request for prior written clearance under this policy should be made in writing using the form attached 
to this policy entitled 'Request for Prior Written Clearance to Trade in Company Securities' and given to 
the Approving Officer and the Company Secretary.  The request may be submitted in person, by mail, 
by email or by facsimile. All requests to buy or sell Company Securities must include the intended 
volume of securities to be purchased or sold and an estimated time frame for the sale or purchase, and 
copies of written approvals must be forwarded to the Company Secretary prior to the approved 
purchase or sale transaction. 
Any written clearance granted under this policy will be valid for the period of 5 business days from the 
time which it is given or such other period as may be determined by the Approving Officer.  The expiry 
time of the clearance will be stated in the clearance granted.  Written clearance under this policy may 
be given in person, by mail, by email or by facsimile.   
Subsequent to approval obtained in accordance with section 7 any Restricted Person who buys, sells, 
or exercises rights in relation to Company Securities must notify the Company Secretary in writing of 
the details of the transaction within two (2) business days of the transaction occurring. This notification 
obligation operates at all times and includes applications for acquisitions of shares or options by 
Restricted Persons made under employee share or option schemes and also applies to the acquisition 
of shares as a result of the exercise of options under an employee option scheme. 
8 
What trading is not subject to this policy? 
The following trading by Restricted Persons is excluded from the restrictions outlined in section 5, but 
is subject to the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act summarised in section 4 of this policy:  
(a) 
transfers of Company Securities between a Restricted Person and their spouse, civil partner, 
child, step-child, family company, family trust or other close family member or of Company 
Securities already held into a superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which the Restricted 
Person is a beneficiary;  
(b) 
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only investing 
in Company Securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the 
discretion of a third party; 
(c) 
where a Restricted Person is a trustee, trading in the Company Securities by that trust provided 
that the Restricted Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a 
Prohibited Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers independently of 
the Restricted Person; 
(d) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
(e) 
a disposal of Company Securities arising from a scheme of arrangement; 
(f) 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders such as, a rights 
issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an equal access 
buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer has been approved 
by the Board.  This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and 
the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a 
renounceable pro rata issue; 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
(g) 
a disposal of Company Securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, for 
example, under a margin lending arrangement.  Please note section 11 of this policy; Restricted 
Persons must not enter into margin loan agreements or other secured lending arrangements in 
relation to Company Securities without first obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate 
Approving Officer in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7; 
(h) 
the exercise (but not the sale of Company Securities following exercise) of an option or right 
under an employee incentive scheme, or the conversion of a convertible security, where: 
(i) 
the final date for the exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of the security, falls 
during a Prohibited Period and the Company has been in an exceptionally long Prohibited 
Period or the Company has had a number of consecutive Prohibited Periods and the 
Restricted Person could not reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a time when 
free to do so; and  
(ii) 
the Restricted Person obtains prior written clearance to exercise the option or right, or 
convert the security, in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7 of this policy; 
(i) 
trading under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior written clearance has been provided 
in accordance with procedures set out in this Policy and where: (a) the Restricted Person did not 
enter into the plan or amend the plan during a Prohibited Period; and (b) the trading plan does 
not permit the Restricted Person to exercise any influence or discretion over how, when, or 
whether to trade; 
(j) 
an acquisition, or agreement to acquire, Company Securities under an employee incentive 
scheme;  
(k) 
the exercise or automatic conversion of Company Securities giving a right to conversion to 
shares, issued under an employee incentive scheme (but not the sale of Company Securities 
following exercise or conversion); 
(l) 
the acquisition of shares by conversion of Company Securities giving a right to conversion to 
shares (but not the sale of Company Securities following exercise or conversion). 
In respect of any share or option plans adopted by the Company, it is noted that it is not permissible to 
provide the exercise price of options by selling the shares acquired on the exercise of these options 
unless the sale of those shares occurs outside the periods specified in section 5. 
9 
Prohibition of “short-term” trading 
The Company wishes to encourage Restricted Persons and Employees to adopt a long-term attitude 
to investment in Company Securities. In order to prevent the unfair use of information, all Restricted 
Persons and Employees are generally prohibited from short-term trading of Company Securities at all 
times.  Short-term trading is a purchase and sale of the same securities within a three-month period. 
 
The Board may, on application, exempt a Restricted Person , Employee or their associated parties from 
this prohibition in exceptional circumstances (see section 6 for examples of exceptional circumstances). 
   
10 Hedging transactions 
Restricted Persons must not enter into transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the 
economic risk of their security holding in the Company without first obtaining prior written clearance 
from the appropriate Approving Officer in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from entering into transactions or arrangements which limit the 
economic risk of participating in unvested entitlements under any equity based remuneration schemes. 
11 Margin loans and other secured lending 
Restricted Persons must not enter into margin loan agreements or other secured lending arrangements 
in relation to Company Securities without first obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate 
Approving Officer in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7.  
12 Non-discretionary trading plans 
Restricted Persons must not put in place a non-discretionary trading plan in respect of Company 
Securities without first obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate Approving Officer in 
accordance with the procedure set out in section 7.  Restricted Persons must not cancel any such 
trading plan during a Prohibited Period, unless the circumstances are exceptional and the procedure 
for prior written clearance set out in section 7 has been met.  
13 Director notification requirements 
Directors have agreed with the Company to provide details of changes in Company Securities they hold 
(directly or indirectly) to the Company Secretary as soon as reasonably possible to enable the Company 
to comply with its obligations under the ASX Listing Rules.   
Directors are referred to the Company's Director's Disclosure Obligations document and Director's 
Declaration of Interest Form.  Directors are reminded that it is their obligation under section 205G of the 
Corporations Act to notify the market operator within 14 days after any change in a director's interest if 
the Company has failed to do so. 
14 Register of clearances 
The Company Secretary must maintain a register of clearances given in relation to trading in Company 
Securities.   
The Company Secretary must report all notifications of trading in, and clearances given, in relation to 
trading in Company Securities to the next Board meeting of the Company. 
15 Consequences of breach 
Breach of the insider trading prohibition could expose you to criminal and civil liability.  Breach of this 
policy (irrespective of whether the insider trading prohibition or any other law is breached) will also be 
regarded by the Group as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action and/or dismissal. 
This policy does not contain an exhaustive analysis of the restrictions imposed on, and the very serious 
legal ramifications of, insider trading.  Restricted Persons who wish to obtain further advice in this 
matter, are encouraged to contact the Company Secretary. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
16 ASX Listing Rule requirements 
It is a requirement for admission to the official list of ASX, and an on-going requirement for listing, that 
the Company has a securities trading policy. 
The Company will give a copy of this policy to ASX for release to the market.  The Company will also 
give any amended version of this policy to ASX when it makes a change to: the periods within which 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from trading in Company Securities; the trading that is excluded from 
the operation of the policy; or the exceptional circumstances in which Restricted Persons may be 
permitted to trade during a Prohibited Period, within five business days of the amendments taking effect.  
The Company will also give this policy to ASX immediately on request by ASX. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
Appendix 
Examples of information which, if made available to the market, may depending on the circumstances 
be likely to have a material effect on the price or value of Company Securities include, but are not limited 
to: 
(a) 
a transaction that will lead to a significant change in the nature or scale of the Company’s 
activities; 
(b) 
a material change in debt, liquidity or cash flow; 
(c) 
a significant new development proposal; 
(d) 
the grant or loss of a major contract; 
(e) 
a management or business restructuring proposal;  
(f) 
a material mineral or hydrocarbon discovery; 
(g) 
a material acquisition or disposal; 
(h) 
the granting or withdrawal of a material licence; 
(i) 
becoming a plaintiff or defendant in a material law suit; 
(j) 
the fact that the Company’s earnings will be materially different from market expectations; 
(k) 
the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or receiver; 
(l) 
the commission of an event of default under, or other event entitling a financier to terminate, a 
material financing facility; 
(m) 
under subscriptions or over subscriptions to an issue of securities; 
(n) 
giving or receiving a notice of intention to make a takeover; 
(o) 
any rating applied by a rating agency to the Company or its securities and any change to such a 
rating; 
(p) 
any actual or proposed change to the Company’s capital structure for example, a share issue;  
(q) 
exploration results; 
(r) 
drilling results;  
(s) 
significant change to or event affecting the availability of the Company’s debt facilities. 
For personal use only

 
Request for prior written clearance to trade in Company securities 
© Gilbert + Tobin 2015 
Request for prior written clearance to trade in company securities 
Alkane Resources Ltd ACN 000 689 216 (Company) 
I,                                                                 , a director/an officer/ an employee (delete as appropriate) of the Alkane group, request 
prior written clearance to trade in securities of the Company in accordance with the terms of the Company's Securities Trading 
Policy and provide the following information: 
1 
Details of securities 
Nature of dealing: 
(insert here details of proposed dealing) 
Number of securities: 
 
Class of securities: 
 
Name of registered holder: 
 
 
2 
Reason for request 
Standard request to trade 
£ 
OR 
Request to trade in exceptional circumstances 
£ 
Please provide complete details of the circumstances which you wish to be considered as exceptional 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I confirm that I have read and understood the Company's Securities Trading Policy and that the proposed dealing does not breach 
that policy or any legal obligations referred to in it, and in particular, that I am not in possession of any inside information in relation 
to the Alkane group. 
I acknowledge that in accordance with the Company's Securities Trading Policy, I cannot trade in the Company's securities until 
clearance is given and I understand that any clearance given will be valid only for the period stated in the clearance. 
 
Signed: ……………………………….. 
 
Name: ………………………………… 
Date: ………………………………….. 
 
OFFICE USE – Clearance to be completed by Approving Officer 
Clearance given by:  
 
 
 
……………………………….. ……………………………………. 
……………………………… 
Name of Approving Officer 
Signature of Approving Officer  
Date. 
Clearance valid for: 
 
 
 
 
£ 5 business days from the date of clearance (default period) 
 
 
£  ______ business days from the date of clearance 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
Form of acknowledgment for Restricted Persons 
 
To: Alkane Resources Limited ACN 000 689 216 
 
Attention: Company Secretary 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
I have been supplied with a copy of the Company’s Securities Trading Policy.   
 
I have read and considered the contents of the policy. 
 
I give my unqualified undertaking to be bound by and comply with the letter and the spirit of the policy 
in all my dealings with or on behalf of the Company. 
 
 
 
 
Signature: …………………………………………………….. 
 
 
Name: …………………………………………………………. 
 
 
Position:……………………………………………………….. 
 
 
Business Unit:…………………………………. 
 
 
Date:……………………………………………………………. 
 
 
For personal use only
