 
1 
 
Amcor Limited     
109 Burwood Road Hawthorn VIC 3122 Australia   T +61 3 9226 9000   F +61 3 9226 9050   www.amcor.com 
ABN 62 000 017 372 
 
28 April 2015 
REVISED SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, Amcor attaches a revised Share Trading Policy effective from 27 
April 2015.  
A copy of this policy can also be found on Amcor’s website at www.amcor.com. 
 
ENDS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Amcor Limited  
www.amcor.com 
 
Share Trading Policy 
SHARE TRADING POLICY  
Trading in securities of Amcor Limited  
1. Overview and Definitions 
This statement sets out the policy of Amcor Limited (“Amcor”) for trading in Securities 
of Amcor.  It applies to: 
 
co-workers; 
 
Executive Team Members;  
 
Directors; 
 
Associates of Executive Team Members; and  
 
Associates of Directors. 
It summarises the law relating to insider trading and sets Blackout Periods for Amcor 
Securities. 
For the purposes of this policy: 
(a) 
A person is an “Associate” if a Director or co-worker is acting in concert with that 
person or if a Director or co-worker has, or can be regarded as having, investment 
control or influence over that person. Examples of associates include: 
(i) spouses or partners (including de factos);  
(ii) family members (including children);  
(iii) nominees (including an investment manager managing funds on the Director 
or co-worker’s behalf);  
(iv)  a trust of which the Director or co-worker, or any member of the Director or 
co-worker’s family, or any family controlled company are the trustee or 
beneficiary;  
(v) a person in partnership with a Director or co-worker or any of their 
connected persons mentioned in  (i) – (iv) above; and  
(vi) a company which the Director or co-worker or their family controls.  
For personal use only

Page 2/11 
(b) “Director’ means a non-executive director or an executive director of Amcor Limited. 
(c) “Executive Team Member” means a person who is: 
(i) 
a member of the Corporate Executive Team; or 
(ii) 
a member of the Global Management Team; or 
(iii) 
part of key management personnel (as defined in Accounting Standard AASB 124 
Related Party Disclosure); or 
(iv) 
designated as such by the Company Secretary and Executive Vice President Human 
Resources. 
(d) “Derivatives” includes warrants, exchange traded and over the counter options and contracts 
for differences. 
(e) “Securities” means shares and other instruments considered to be a security for the purposes of 
the Corporations Act.  The definition of a Security is complex and includes not only ordinary 
shares but also Derivatives, and any other financial products that are able to be traded on a 
financial market.  
(f) “Trade” and “Trading” includes subscribing for, buying, selling or otherwise transferring the 
beneficial or legal interest in Securities of Amcor.  
This policy does not apply to Trading set out in Appendix 1 to this Policy.  Co-workers, Directors or 
their Associates who engage in the type of Trading set out in Appendix 1 to this Policy must still 
ensure that they comply at all times with insider trading laws.  
If you are in any doubt as to whether or not any instrument you wish to Trade is a Security, or how 
this policy may affect you, you should seek assistance from the Company Secretary or Executive 
Vice President Human Resources before Trading.      
2. Insider Trading 
If you have price sensitive information relating to Amcor (including any company within the Amcor 
Group) which has not been published or which is not otherwise generally available, it is illegal, under 
the Corporations Act, for you to: 
 
Apply for, buy, sell or otherwise deal in Amcor Securities; 
 
Advise, procure or encourage another person (including, but without limitation, a relative, friend, 
family company or trust) to deal in Amcor Securities; or 
For personal use only

Page 3/11 
 
Pass on information to any other person if you know or reasonably know that the person may 
use the information to deal (or procure another person to deal) in Amcor Securities. 
It is your responsibility (not Amcor’s) to ensure that you and your Associates do not do any of the 
things prohibited by insider trading laws.  The consequences for breach of this law can include both 
civil and criminal penalties.   
3. What is “price sensitive information”? 
Price-sensitive information means information relating to Amcor or any company in the Amcor 
Group that would, if the information were publicly known, be likely to: 
 Have a material effect on the price or value of Amcor Securities; or 
 Influence persons who commonly invest in Securities in deciding whether or not to buy or sell 
Amcor Securities. 
Examples of possible price-sensitive information include, but are not limited to: 
 The financial performance of Amcor against its budget or financial forecasts or guidance; 
 Entry into or termination of a material contract (such as a major joint venture); 
 A material acquisition or sale of a business or assets by Amcor; 
 An actual or proposed takeover or merger; 
 An actual or proposed change to Amcor’s capital structure; 
 A change in senior management; 
 A proposed dividend or a change in dividend policy; or 
 A material claim against Amcor or other unexpected liability. 
4. When is Information “generally available”? 
Information is generally available if: 
 It consists of readily observable matter; 
 It has been made known in a manner likely to bring the information to the attention of people 
who commonly invest in Securities of a kind whose price or value might be affected by the 
information, and, since it was made known, a reasonable period for it to be disseminated among 
such persons has elapsed; 
For personal use only

Page 4/11 
 It is derived from information which has been made public; or 
 It consists of observations, deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from other 
generally available information. 
5. Consequences for breach of the insider trading prohibition 
Breach of the insider trading prohibition by you or your Associates could expose you or them to 
criminal and civil liability.  Breach of insider trading laws or this policy will also be regarded by 
Amcor as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action and/or dismissal. 
6. Consequences for breach of this Policy 
A breach of this policy will be regarded as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action 
and/ or dismissal. 
7. Dealing in Securities of other companies 
If you have “price sensitive information” relating to a company other than Amcor which is not 
“generally available” the same insider trading rules outlined above apply to buying and selling 
Securities in that company.  In the course of performing your duties as an employee of Amcor, you 
may obtain price sensitive information relating to another company in a variety of circumstances.  
Examples include, but are not limited to the following: 
 Another company may provide price sensitive information about itself to Amcor in the course 
of a proposed transaction; 
 Another company with whom Amcor is dealing may provide price sensitive information about a 
third company; or 
 Information concerning Amcor or actions which may be taken by Amcor (ie a planned 
transaction or strategic change) could reasonably have an effect on a third party company. 
Apart from the application of the insider trading rules to Securities in other companies, Directors 
and co-workers are also bound by a duty of confidentiality in relation to information obtained in the 
course of their duties in respect of third parties. 
For personal use only

Page 5/11 
8. When are you not permitted to Trade Amcor Securities – Blackout Periods 
It is unlawful to Trade at any time if you have inside information which is price sensitive information. 
Amcor also prohibits the following persons from Trading in Amcor Securities during certain 
“Blackout Periods”:  
 
co-workers; 
 
Executive Team Members;  
 
Directors;  
 
Associates of Executive Team Members; and  
 
Associates of Directors.  
The Blackout Periods are: 
 
the period from the close of trading on 31 December each year until the day of the 
announcement to the ASX of Amcor’s half year results (usually in the third week of February); 
 
the period from the close of trading on 30 June each year until the day of the announcement of 
Amcor’s full year results (usually in the third week of August); and 
 
any other period that the Board specifies from time to time. If the Board specifies any other 
period, communications will be sent to you. 
It is recognised that exceptional circumstances specific to individuals may require a person to 
dispose of Amcor Securities during a Blackout Period. In such cases, you or if applicable, your 
Associates  must seek the prior written approval of the Company Secretary who may approve the 
transaction or, if you are a Director or Executive Team Member you must seek prior written 
approval from the Chief Executive Officer or the Chairman of the Board. In seeking approval, you 
must demonstrate that your circumstances are exceptional and that the proposed Trading is the 
only reasonable course of action available.  Directors and Executive Team Members must seek the 
prior approval on behalf of their Associates.  
The request to obtain prior approval and the approval itself may be given by email. If approval is 
given, Trading by you or your Associate may only occur during the duration specified in the 
approval.  
If you are an Executive Team Member, the above approval for Trading for you or your Associate 
may only be granted in the following exceptional circumstances:  
For personal use only

Page 6/11 
 
you will be in severe financial hardship if you cannot Trade in the Amcor Securities.  Financial 
hardship would mean you were unable to meet your reasonable and immediate living expenses; 
or 
 
your Associate will be in severe financial hardship if your Associate cannot Trade in the Amcor 
Securities; or 
 
you or your Associate are required by a court order to transfer or sell the Amcor securities; or 
 
the circumstance has been deemed exceptional by the Chairman of the Board or, where the 
Chairman of the Board is involved, the Chairman of the Audit & Compliance Committee.   
Any Trading outside the Blackout Periods is subject to the overriding obligation of you and your 
Associates to comply with insider trading laws.  This is also the case for any approved Trading 
during a Blackout Period. 
9. Derivatives and Short-Term Trading   
(a) If you are an Executive Team Member, you are prohibited from Trading in a Blackout Period in 
Derivatives, financial products issued or created over or in respect of Amcor Securities. 
Examples of these financial products include swaps, caps and collars. 
(b) Trading in Derivatives outside a Blackout Period is subject to the notification procedures in this 
policy.    
(c) Short-term Trading is prohibited under this policy.  Short-term Trading refers to Trading in and 
out of Securities within a consecutive three month period. 
10. Steps to take BEFORE  Directors, Directors’ Associates, Executive Team 
Members or their Associates Trade in Amcor Securities 
BEFORE any Trading in Amcor’s Securities by: 
 
Executive Team Members; 
 
Directors; 
 
Associates of Executive Team Members; and  
 
Associates of Directors,  
the following notification for their intended Trade or their Associate’s intended Trade must be 
made (with a copy to the Company Secretary in all instances):   
For personal use only

Page 7/11 
Person required to make notification 
Confirmer 
Chairman of the Board 
Chairman of the Audit & Compliance 
Committee  
All Directors (except for the Chairman of 
the Board) 
Chairman of the Board  
All Executive Team Members (except for 
the CEO) 
CEO  
 
(a) The notification must: 
(i) 
confirm the Executive Team Member will be in compliance with the minimum 
shareholding policy after the trade, (if applicable); 
(ii) 
specify the proposed dates of the trade which should be no more than two weeks; and 
(iii) 
confirm you are not in possession of any inside information that would preclude you or 
your Associates from trading. 
THE ABOVE NOTIFICATION OBLIGATION OPERATES AT ALL TIMES.   
DIRECTORS, DIRECTORS’ ASSOCIATES, EXECUTIVE TEAM MEMBERS OR THEIR ASSOCIATES 
MUST NOT TRADE IN AMCOR’S SECURITIES UNTIL THIS NOTIFICATION HAS TAKEN PLACE 
AND CONFIRMATION HAS BEEN RECEIVED THAT THE TRADE CAN PROCEED.  THE PERSON 
INTENDING TO TRADE IN AMCOR SECURITIES IS PERSONALLY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY 
DECISION TO TRADE AND COMPLIANCE WITH THIS POLICY AND THE LAW.  ANY APPROVAL 
TO TRADE WILL NOT ABSOLVE THE INDIVIDUAL IF THERE HAS BEEN A BREACH OF THE LAW.  
IF YOU DO COME INTO POSSESSION OF INSIDE INFORMATION AFTER RECEIVING A 
CLEARANCE TO TRADE, YOU MUST NOT TRADE DESPITE HAVING RECEIVED THE 
CLEARANCE. 
11. ASX Notification by Directors 
Directors are required to notify the Chairman and the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) of any 
change to their holding of notifiable interests in Amcor Securities.  Amcor is required under the 
Listing Rules to notify these changes to the ASX within five (5) business days of the change.  To 
enable Amcor to comply with this requirement, Directors must furnish the relevant information as 
For personal use only

Page 8/11 
soon as possible and in any event no later than two (2) business days from the date the change 
occurred to the Company Secretary, who will facilitate the transmission of these notifications to 
the ASX.  It should be noted that ‘notifiable interest” has a broad definition under law and includes 
indirect holdings.  If you are in any doubt as to whether or not the change to your holdings is a 
notifiable interest, you should seek assistance from the Company Secretary.  
12. Employee Option Plans 
This policy applies to exercise of options acquired under Amcor employee incentive plans.  Options 
acquired under Amcor employee incentive plans may only be exercised outside a Blackout Period 
regardless of whether you fund the exercise cost of the options by paying the exercise price of the 
options yourself or whether you simultaneously sell some or all of the shares just acquired. Any 
subsequent disposal of any shares acquired under the exercise of options must also comply with 
this policy.  
13. Phantom Share Plans 
The policy may apply to phantom share schemes as part of the terms of that scheme. If you are a 
participant in a phantom share scheme you should check with the Executive Vice-President, Human 
Resources to determine whether you are required to comply with the share trading policy when 
dealing with rights under that scheme. 
14. Employee Incentive Plans 
Amcor recognises that some awards issued under employee incentive plans may attract immediate 
tax liabilities for co-workers upon the vesting of the awards. To ensure that co-workers are not 
unduly prejudiced, the Board has designated an exception to the Blackout Periods described in 
clause 7 of this policy for this circumstance. If a tax liability arises immediately upon awards which 
vest during a Blackout Period, the co-worker may sell or transfer the awards received in the period 
of 4 weeks immediately after the awards have vested in order to meet the tax liability.  As at the 
date of this policy, this exception applies only to awards issued under the Long Term Incentive Plan 
which give rise to a liability on co-workers to pay tax under United States laws upon vesting. Further 
communications will be sent to you if this exception applies to other employee incentive plans.  
As the Board has designated such Trading to be an exception to the Blackout Periods, any sale or 
transfer pursuant to the exception in this clause 13 will not require prior approval of the Company 
Secretary in accordance with clause 7 of this policy. However such trading remains subject to the 
For personal use only

Page 9/11 
overriding obligation of compliance with insider trading laws and this policy. In particular, if the co-
worker is an Executive Team Member, notification in accordance with clause 9 of this policy will still 
apply.  
15. Prohibition on Short Selling 
You and your Associates must not engage in short selling.  Short selling refers to the technique 
where a person borrows the security for the purpose of selling it in the hope that they will be able 
to buy the security back for a lower price at a point in the future and close out their position at a 
profit. 
16. Prohibition on Hedging 
You and your Associates must not engage in hedging arrangements (including, for example, the use 
of put and call options or other derivative instruments) over unvested Securities issued pursuant to 
any employee or director option or share plan.  In addition, any hedging over vested Securities must 
comply with this Policy and if applicable to you, Amcor’s Minimum Shareholding Policy. 
17. Margin Lending 
You and your Associates are not permitted to enter into margin lending or other secured financing 
arrangements in respect of Amcor Securities without the prior consent of the Company Secretary. 
18. Certification  
Following the end of each financial year, all Directors and Executive Team Members must certify to 
the Company Secretary that they and their Associates are in compliance with this policy (or advise 
of any breaches of this policy).  
19. Additional Information - Clearances 
(a) Any clearance to trade can be given or refused in Amcor’s sole discretion, without giving any 
reasons; 
(b) A clearance to trade can be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a change in 
circumstances; 
(c) A decision to refuse clearance is final and binding on the person seeking the clearance; and 
For personal use only

Page 10/11 
(d) If clearance to trade is refused, the person seeking the clearance must keep that information 
confidential and not disclose it to anyone. 
(e) Clearance to trade under this policy is not an endorsement of the proposed trade and the 
person doing the trading is individually responsible for their investment decisions and 
compliance with the law.  
 
If you have any questions relating to Amcor’s share trading policy, contact the Company Secretary 
at Amcor Limited’s head office.  
 
Managing Director & CEO 
 Effective Date: 27 April 2015 
For personal use only

Page 11/11 
Appendix 1 
 
 
The Amcor Share Trading Policy does not apply to the following:  
 
 
1.  transfers of Amcor Securities already held by co-workers, Directors or their Associates into a 
superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which the co-worker, Director or their 
Associate is a beneficiary;  
 
2. where the co-worker, Director or Associate is a trustee, trading in Amcor Securities by that 
trust provided that the co-worker, Director or Associate is not a beneficiary of the trust and 
any decision to trade during a Blackout Period is taken by the other trustees or by the 
investment managers independent of the co-worker, Director or Associate;  
 
3.  undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer;  
 
4. trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the Amcor Security holders, such as, 
a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an 
equal access buy back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer 
has been approved by the Amcor Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or not to 
take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of 
the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue;  
 
5. an involuntary disposal of Amcor Securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising 
their rights;  
 
6. Amcor Securities issued under an employee share plan provided that where securities granted 
under that plan cease to be held under the terms of the plan, any subsequent Trading of those 
Securities must be in accordance with the Amcor Share Trading Policy;   
 
7.  trading in Amcor Securities in a managed securities portfolio where the co-worker, Director or 
their Associates are not in a position to influence the portfolio investments; and 
 
8.   the acquisition of Amcor Securities by a Director to satisfy a share qualification.  
  
For personal use only
