ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
1 November 2023 | ASX: AMI 
 
For more information, contact us at: 
Level 17, 144 Edward Street 
Brisbane QLD 4000 
office@aureliametals.com.au 
GPO Box 7 
Brisbane QLD 4001 
07 3180 5000
aureliametals.com
ABN:  37 108 476 384
 
REVISED SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
Aurelia Metals Limited (ASX: AMI) (Aurelia or the Company) advises that in accordance with ASX 
Listing Rule 12.10 it has revised its Securities Trading Policy, a copy of which is attached to this 
announcement. 
The Company’s Securities Trading Policy is also available on the corporate governance section of 
Aurelia’s website (https://aureliametals.com/about/corporate-governance/). 
 
This announcement has been authorised for release to the ASX by the Board of Aurelia Metals. 
 
For further information contact: 
Leigh Collins 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Media contact 
Group Manager Commercial and Investor Relations  
 
Michael Vaughan  
Aurelia Metals 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fivemark Partners 
+61 7 3180 5000 
 
 
 
 
 
+61 422 602 720 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About Aurelia 
Aurelia Metals Limited (ASX: AMI) is an Australian mining and exploration company with a highly strategic 
landholding, and two operating mines in New South Wales (NSW). The Peak Mine is in the Cobar Basin in 
western NSW, and the Dargues Mine is in south-eastern NSW. The Hera mining operation, also located in the 
Cobar Basin, has ceased and the surface facilities have been placed into care and maintenance.   
In addition, Aurelia has two consented high grade development projects. The polymetallic Federation Project is 
currently under construction with development ore expected in 2024. The development of the Great Cobar copper 
deposit will follow. 
In FY23, Aurelia produced 86,284 ounces of gold at a Group All In Sustaining Cost of A$2,315 per ounce. The 
Peak Mine’s cost base benefits from substantial by-product revenue credits from base metal production (including 
zinc, lead and copper). 
 
For personal use only

 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
AURELIA METALS LIMITED 
ACN 108 476 384 For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
2
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1. PURPOSE OF THE POLICY ................................................................................................ 3 
2. WHO DOES THIS POLICY APPLY TO? ............................................................................. 3 
3. DEALING PROHIBITION – APPLIES TO ALL AURELIA PERSONNEL ......................... 4 
4. DEALING RESTRICTIONS – APPLIES TO RESTRICTED PERSONS ONLY ................. 4 
5. TIMING REQUIREMENTS FOR CLEARANCE AND REFUSAL ....................................... 6 
6. DEALING IN EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES ............................................................. 6 
7. DISCLOSURE OF TRADING BY DIRECTORS .................................................................. 7 
8. EXCLUDED TRADING ........................................................................................................ 7 
9. COMPLIANCE AND CONSEQUENCES OF NON-COMPLIANCE .................................... 8 
10. DEFINITIONS ..................................................................................................................... 8 
11. POLICY STATUS AND REVIEW ...................................................................................... 10 
 
 
 
Author  
Company Secretary 
Version  
2 
Date Created  
21 April 2021 
Date Reviewed 
31 October 2023 
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
3
 
1. Purpose of the Policy 
1.1 The purpose of this Securities Trading Policy is to minimise the risk of actual insider trading 
occurring as well as avoid any perception that insider trading is occurring.  
1.2 The Corporations Act contains provisions which prohibit a person with price sensitive non-public 
information relating to a company from dealing in securities of the company, or other financial 
products related to the company. This Policy provides guidelines designed to prevent Aurelia and 
its personnel from breaching these insider trading laws.  
2. Who does this Policy apply to? 
2.1 This Policy applies to: 
2.1.1 all Directors, Senior Executives, employees, contractors and consultants of any member of 
the Aurelia Group; and   
2.1.2 any company, trust or other body or entity controlled by any of the persons referred to in 
subparagraph 2.1.1 above, 
(collectively, “Aurelia Personnel”).  
2.2 Sections 4, 5 and 6 of this Policy apply to: 
2.2.1 all Directors and other Senior Executives (including the CEO); 
2.2.2 all direct reports to Senior Executives; 
2.2.3 any employee, contractor or consultant based in corporate head office (Brisbane); 
2.2.4 any other personnel designated by the Company Secretary (collectively with paragraphs 
2.2.1, 2.2.2 and 2.2.3, “Relevant Personnel”); and 
2.2.5 closely related parties (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act)1  of all Relevant 
Personnel, 
and the persons listed above are called “Restricted Persons”. 
2.3 Where this Policy requires a Restricted Person to do something (e.g. obtain Prior Written 
Clearance), the Relevant Personnel must also do so for their closely related parties.  
2.4 It is the responsibility of Aurelia Personnel to ensure that they comply with this Policy and insider 
trading laws. 
2.5 It is recommended that if Aurelia Personnel are unsure of the application of this Policy, they consult 
the Company Secretary to clarify their obligations before engaging in any trading. 
 
 
 
1 A 'closely related party' of a person (the Person) includes that Person's spouse, child, spouse's child, a dependent of the 
Person or Person's spouse, any other family member of the Person who is in a position of influence over, or may be influenced 
by, the Person, or a company controlled by the Person. 
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
4
 
3. Dealing prohibition – applies to all Aurelia Personnel 
3.1  If Aurelia Personnel have Inside Information, they are not to: 
3.1.1 Deal in Securities that are affected by the information, either for themselves or for another 
person; 
3.1.2 advise, procure or encourage another person (for example, a family member, a friend, a 
family company or trust) to Deal in those Securities, either for themselves or for another 
person; or 
3.1.3 if those Securities are also listed on a financial market (such as the ASX), directly or 
indirectly communicate the information to any other person, if they know or ought to 
reasonably know that the person may use the information to Deal (or procure another 
person to Deal) in Securities. This includes giving hints or tips about the Inside Information 
to someone else. 
The consequences for breach may be severe and could result in criminal and civil liability. 
3.2 Aurelia Personnel and their closely related parties are not permitted at any time to: 
3.2.1 engage in short-term trading (less than three months), or short selling of Aurelia Group 
Securities at any time. For the avoidance of doubt, this rule does not apply to the sale of 
ordinary shares in the Company acquired on the exercise of a right or option under an 
employee share plan operated by the Company or an off-market transaction in Aurelia 
Group Securities where there is no effective change in the beneficial owner; 
3.2.2 enter margin lending or other secured financing arrangements in respect of Aurelia Group 
Securities; and/or 
3.2.3 enter into transactions with Securities (or any derivative thereof) which limit the economic 
risk of any unvested entitlements awarded under an equity-based remuneration scheme, or 
otherwise awarded, or which will be offered by the Company in the future (e.g. hedging).  
3.3 Aurelia Personnel are also bound by a duty of confidentiality in relation to confidential information 
obtained in the course of their duties. 
3.4 The requirements imposed by this Policy are in addition to any legal prohibitions on insider trading. 
4. Dealing restrictions – applies to Restricted Persons 
only 
4.1 Restricted Persons have additional dealing restrictions and are only permitted to Deal in Aurelia 
Group Securities: 
4.1.1 during a nominated Trading Window; and 
4.1.2 after obtaining Prior Written Clearance. 
4.2 Restricted Persons cannot deal in Aurelia Group Securities outside of the nominated Trading 
Windows unless permitted to do so under section 6 (Exceptional Circumstances) or section 8 
(Excluded Trading).  
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
5
 
4.3 The Company reserves the right to impose restrictions on Dealing in Aurelia Group Securities 
during any period, including one that would otherwise fall within a permitted Trading Window. 
4.4 During a Trading Window, and before any Dealing in Aurelia Group Securities is undertaken, a 
Restricted Person seeking to Deal (column A, below) must complete a Securities Trading Clearance 
Request Form to request clearance to deal in Aurelia Group Securities and forward the completed 
Form to the Company Secretary and the person approving the Deal (column B, below): 
Column A 
Restricted Person Seeking to Deal 
(including any closely related party)  
Column B 
Person Approving the Deal 
Directors (including the Managing Director / CEO, 
but excluding the Chair) and the Company 
Secretary 
The Chair of the Board 
Senior Executives 
The Managing Director / CEO 
The Chair of the Board 
The Chair of the Audit Committee 
Other Restricted Persons 
The Company Secretary 
 
4.5 If the Company Secretary is not the person approving the Deal (column B, above), then a copy of 
the signed Form giving clearance to Deal must be sent to the Company Secretary.  
4.6 Restricted Persons who are given Prior Written Clearance must Deal no later than five business 
days from clearance being received. 
4.7 The Trading Windows for Restricted Persons are set out in the table below: 
Event opening the Trading Window 
Length of Trading Window 
Release of the Company’s half year results 
Thirty (30) days 
Release of the Company’s full year results 
Thirty (30) days 
AGM or any other general meeting  
Fifteen (15) days 
Release of the Company’s March and September 
quarterly reports  
Fifteen (15) days 
Issue of a Prospectus for new Securities or a debt issue 
From the first trading day after the date of 
issue until the closing date of applications 
Release of a Cleansing Statement 
The trading day of the release of the Cleansing 
Statement and the following trading day 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
6
 
5. Timing Requirements for clearance and refusal 
5.1 The Company Secretary must give a copy of the response and clearance (if any) to the Restricted 
Person requesting clearance within two business days of the initial clearance request. The Company 
Secretary must maintain a record of the response to any Dealing request made and of any Prior 
Written Clearance given. 
5.2 Any clearance to Deal can be given or refused by the Company in its discretion, without giving any 
reasons. A Prior Written Clearance can be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a 
change in circumstances. The Company’s decision to refuse clearance is final and binding on the 
person seeking clearance. If clearance to Deal is refused, the person seeking the clearance must 
keep that information confidential and not disclose it to anyone. 
6. Dealing in Exceptional Circumstances 
6.1 A Restricted Person who is not in possession of Inside Information in relation to the Company may 
be given Prior Written Clearance outside of a Trading Window if he or she is in severe financial 
difficulty or there are other Exceptional Circumstances. Prior Written Clearance may be given for 
such a person to sell (but not purchase) Aurelia Group Securities in a Prohibited Trading 
Period. The determination of whether the person in question is in severe financial difficulty or 
whether there are other Exceptional Circumstances can only be made by the Chair (if the Restricted 
Person is other than the Chair) or the Chair of the Audit Committee (if the Restricted Person is the 
Chair). 
6.2 A person may be in severe financial difficulty if he or she has a pressing financial commitment that 
cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling the relevant Aurelia Group Securities. A liability of 
such a person to pay tax would not normally constitute severe financial difficulty unless the person 
has no other means of satisfying the liability. A circumstance would be considered exceptional if 
the person in question is required by a court order to transfer or sell the Aurelia Group Securities or 
there is some other overriding legal requirement for him or her to do so. 
6.3 Where a request involves the consideration of Exceptional Circumstances justifying a sale as the 
only reasonable course of action, particulars of those Exceptional Circumstances must accompany 
the clearance request. 
6.4 Prior Written Clearance must be obtained from the Chair or if being sought by the Chair, Prior 
Written Clearance must be obtained from the Chair of the Company’s Audit Committee. The request 
for written clearance must also be provided to the Company Secretary to ensure they are aware of 
the request and able to communicate the request to the Board. 
6.5 If Prior Written Clearance to Deal in Aurelia Group Securities is granted, then the Aurelia Group 
Securities must be sold within five business days from clearance being given. 
6.6 Any clearance to Deal can be given or refused by the Company in its discretion, without giving any 
reasons. A Prior Written Clearance can be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a 
change in circumstances. The Company’s decision to refuse clearance is final and binding on the 
person seeking clearance. If clearance to Deal is refused, the person seeking the clearance must 
keep that information confidential and not disclose it to anyone. 
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
7
 
7. 
Disclosure of trading by Directors 
7.1 ASX Listing Rules 3.19A and 3.19B require Aurelia to make certain notifications and enter into 
certain arrangements with Directors about share dealings by Directors.  
7.2 To enable Aurelia to meet its obligations under the Listing Rules, each Director must provide 
certain information to the Company Secretary. The Company Secretary will ensure relevant 
Director disclosures are made to the ASX and will notify the Board of all trades by the Directors as 
soon as reasonably practicable. 
7.3 Listing Rule 3.19A.2 and the Appendix 3Y form (disclosure of change in Directors interests) require 
disclosure of whether the dealing took place in a Closed Period where Prior Written Clearance is 
required, and if so, whether clearance was provided and when. This disclosure requirement relates 
to the initial, ongoing and final disclosure to Aurelia by Directors and applies to Aurelia Group 
Securities. 
8. 
Excluded trading 
8.1 Section 4 of this Policy does not apply to the following Dealings:  
8.1.1 a disposal of Securities arising from the acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme of 
arrangement, equal access buy-back or capital reduction; 
8.1.2 where a Restricted Person is a trustee, Dealing in Securities by that trust provided the 
Restricted Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to deal during 
the Prohibited Trading Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers 
independently of the Restricted Person; 
8.1.3 the obtaining by a Director of a share qualification (if any); 
8.1.4 participating in an employee, executive or director incentive scheme operated by the 
Company (e.g. applying for an allocation of Securities under an employee equity plan offer), 
or the exercise (but not the sale of Securities following exercise) of an option or a right 
under an employee, executive or director incentive scheme, or the conversion of a 
convertible security, where the final date for the exercise of the option or right, or the 
conversion of the security, falls during a Prohibited Trading Period; 
8.1.5 the acquisition of Securities by a trustee of an employee, executive or director incentive 
scheme in accordance with the terms of such incentive scheme; 
8.1.6 Trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of Aurelia’s security holders, such 
as a security purchase plan, bonus issue or a rights issue where the timing and structure of 
the offer has been approved by the Board; 
8.1.7 Trading under a non-discretionary trading plan for which Prior Written Clearance has been 
provided and where: 
 
the Restricted Person did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a prohibited 
period; 
 
the trading plan does not permit the Restricted Person to exercise any influence or 
discretion over how, when or whether to trade; 
 
there is no cancellation of the trading plan during a Prohibited Trading Period other 
than in Exceptional Circumstances;  
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
8
 
8.1.8 indirect and incidental trading that occurs as a consequence of a Restricted Person Dealing 
in securities issued by a managed investment scheme, listed investment company, 
exchange-traded fund or similar investment vehicle that is managed by a third party and 
that happens to hold Aurelia Group Securities as part of its portfolio;  
8.1.9 Dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the Securities (e.g. 
transfers of Aurelia Group Securities already held into a superannuation fund or trust of 
which the Restricted Person is a beneficiary or transfers between such funds); and  
8.1.10 acquiring Securities under the terms of a Dividend Reinvestment Plan operated by the 
Company (DRP), provided that the Restricted Person’s election to participate in the DRP 
was not lodged with the Company's share registry during a Prohibited Trading Period. If an 
election to participate in the DRP was lodged prior to the commencement of a Prohibited 
Trading Period, it cannot be withdrawn during a Prohibited Trading Period.  
9. 
Compliance and consequences of non-compliance 
9.1 Compliance with this Policy, the Listing Rules and the Corporations Act is an individual’s 
responsibility.  
9.2 The penalties for breach of insider trading laws may be criminal, civil or both.  
9.3 Breach of this Policy or insider trading laws will be regarded by Aurelia as a serious matter that 
warrants an investigation as to the circumstances of the breach which may lead to disciplinary or 
remedial action. 
9.4 This Policy is only a summary of complex legal provisions, and should therefore only be used as a 
guideline, not as legal advice. 
10. Definitions  
ASX – Means ASX Limited ACN 008 624 691 or the financial market operated by it (as the context 
requires). 
Aurelia or the Company – Means Aurelia Metals Limited (ACN 108 476 384). 
Aurelia Group – Means Aurelia and its controlled subsidiaries.  
Aurelia Group Securities – Means the Securities issued by a member of the Aurelia Group. 
Closed Period – Means the period outside of the Trading Windows where Restricted Persons are unable 
to trade in Aurelia Group Securities. The Company reserves the right to impose a restriction on trading 
during any period, including one that would otherwise fall within a permitted Trading Window. 
Corporations Act – Means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) as amended from time to time.  
Deal, Dealing(s), Trading(s) – Includes, in relation to Securities:  
 
any acquisition or disposal, or agreement to acquire or dispose; 
 
entering into a contract with the purpose to secure a profit or avoid a loss by reference to price 
fluctuations. 
In practical terms, this covers buying, selling, transferring or entering into arrangements to do any of 
those things whether on or off market. 
Examples of Dealing in Securities include: 
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
9
 
 
granting, acquiring or disposing of any beneficial interest in Securities (or any option or other 
right to acquire or dispose of Securities), including off-market dealings; 
 
applying for, acquiring or exercising options or performance rights over Securities; 
 
making an election to participate in a dividend reinvestment plan or share purchase plan; or 
 
agreeing to do any of the above things.  
Exceptional Circumstances – Means severe financial hardship or other circumstances considered to be 
exceptional, including a court order or court enforceable undertakings in a bona fide family settlement 
to transfer Aurelia Group Securities, some other overriding legal or regulatory requirement to transfer 
Aurelia Group Securities, or a situation determined by the Chair of the Board or Company Secretary to 
be an exceptional circumstance. 
Information is generally available if it – 
 
consists of readily observable matter; 
 
has been made known in a manner that is likely to bring the information to the attention of 
people who commonly invest in securities of a kind whose price or value might be affected by 
the information, and since it was made known, a reasonable period for it to be disseminated 
among such persons has elapsed; 
 
is derived from information which has been made public; or 
 
consists of observations, deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from other 
generally available information. 
Inside Information – Means information which: 
 
is not generally available; and 
 
if made available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or 
value of a particular Aurelia Group Security. This is satisfied where the information would, or 
would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or 
not to buy or sell Aurelia Group Securities. 
Examples of information likely to have a material effect on the price or value of Aurelia Group 
Securities include, but are not limited to: 
 
the financial performance of Aurelia against its budget; 
 
entry into or termination of a material contract; 
 
a material acquisition or sale of assets by Aurelia; 
 
an actual or proposed takeover or merger; 
 
analytical results; 
 
drilling results; 
 
an actual or proposed change to Aurelia’s capital structure: 
 
a proposed dividend or a change in dividend policy; or 
 
a material claim against Aurelia or other unexpected liability. 
It can include information which is of an uncertain nature, rumours, matters of supposition, matters 
relating to the intentions of a person (including the Company) and information which is insufficiently 
definite to warrant disclosure to the public.  
Prior Written Clearance – Means formal written approval for an individual to Deal in Aurelia Group 
Securities provided by the person giving permission in section 4.4 (column B) and copied to the 
Company Secretary. 
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
10
 
Prohibited Trading Periods – Means: 
 any Closed Period; or 
 any additional period when there exists any matter which constitutes Inside Information in 
relation to Aurelia.  
Securities – Include, but are not limited to shares, hybrids, debt securities, options, derivatives, 
interests in managed investment schemes, or any other financial products that are able to be traded on 
a financial market. 
Senior Executives – Means those individuals who are not Directors but meet the definition of Key 
Management Personnel under accounting standard ASSB 124 Related Party Disclosures, and any direct 
reports to the Managing Director / CEO.  
Trading Window – Means a period during which the Restricted Persons may deal in Aurelia Group 
Securities. Aurelia reserves the right to impose a restriction on trading during any period, including 
one that would otherwise fall within a permitted Trading Window. 
11. Policy status and review 
11.1 This Policy is current as at 31 October 2023 and has been updated as per the table below. 
11.2 The Board will review this Policy regularly having regard to the changing circumstances of the 
Company.  
REVISION 
DATE 
CHANGE DESCRIPTION 
1
21 April 2021
New Policy (replacement of existing policy)
2
31 October 2023
Review and update to Policy
 
For personal use only
