 
 
 
` 
 
 
        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20 June 2023 
 
 
Manager Companies 
Company Announcements Officer 
ASX Limited 
Level 4, 20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY NSW 2000 
 
 
 
ANSELL LIMITED (ANN) 
UPDATED SECURITIES TRADING POLICY  
 
20 June 2023 – Ansell  Limited  (ASX:ANN),  a  global  leader  in  safety  solutions,  today  advises  that,  in 
accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, the Board has reviewed and updated its Securities Trading Policy, 
effective from 20 June 2023. 
 
A copy of the updated Securities Trading Policy is attached and it is also available on the Ansell website at 
www.ansell.com. 
 
This announcement was authorised for release by the Board of Directors of Ansell Limited. 
 
Yours sincerely 
 
Catherine Stribley 
Company Secretary 
Ansell Limited 
   
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
Ansell Limited ACN 004 085 330 
Adopted by the Board on 19 June 2023 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
Ansell Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      page | 2 
 
1. 
Scope 
This policy applies to all directors, senior executives and employees (and their associates), sets out the manner 
in which they can Deal in Ansell Securities and explains the type of conduct in relation to Dealings in Securities 
of Ansell Limited (Ansell or the Company) or other companies that Ansell deals with that is prohibited under 
the Corporations Act. 
The Company expects directors, senior executives and employees to comply with the letter and the spirit of 
the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act at all times.  
2. 
Purpose 
To ensure compliance with the insider trading laws under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act), 
protect Ansell’s reputation in relation to Dealing in Securities by its directors, senior executives and employees, 
and prohibit specific types of transactions by Designated Persons which are not in accordance with market 
expectations or may otherwise give rise to reputational risk.  
3. 
Insider trading laws 
3.1 
General rule 
The Corporations Act prohibits ‘insider trading’. Where directors, senior executives and employees have Inside 
Information in relation to Ansell or any other entity, they are prohibited: 
(a) 
from Dealing in those Securities; 
(b) 
advising, procuring or encouraging another person to Deal, or enter into an agreement to Deal, in those 
Securities; and 
(c) 
directly or indirectly communicating the information to another person who they believe are likely to Deal 
in, or procure another person to Deal in, those Securities. 
Additional restrictions and obligations referred to in clause 4 apply to those specified as Designated Persons.  
3.2 
What is Inside Information? 
‘Inside Information’ is information that is: 
(a) 
not generally known by the public or not generally available; and  
(b) 
if it was known or generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on 
the price or value of a listed entity’s Securities.  
(Inside Information) 
In simple terms, this means confidential information which might influence someone to decide whether or not 
to buy or sell the Securities. 
3.3 
What are some examples of Inside Information? 
Examples of Inside Information may include: 
(a) 
information regarding a material increase or decrease in financial performance from previous results, 
from market guidance or from the market’s reasonable expectations; 
(b) 
a proposed takeover or merger; 
(c) 
a proposed material business or asset acquisition or sale; 
(d) 
a proposed change to the capital structure of a company; 
(e) 
a significant change in the operations or direction of the business or a major change in financing;  
(f) 
proposed material legal proceedings to be initiated by or against a company; or 
(g) 
regulatory action or investigations undertaken by a Government authority. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
Ansell Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      page | 3 
 
3.4 
What is Generally Available Information? 
The prohibition on insider trading does not apply where information is generally available. Information is 
generally available if it is: 
(a) 
available in the public domain; 
(b) 
made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, bring it to the attention of people who 
commonly invest in Ansell Securities or Securities of a kind similar to Ansell Securities, and a reasonable 
period has elapsed to allow the information to be disseminated; or 
(c) 
able to be deduced, concluded or inferred from the information referred to above. 
3.5 
Market perception and reputation 
It is important that public confidence in the Ansell Group is maintained. It would be damaging to the Group’s 
reputation if the market or the general public perceived that directors or employees might be taking advantage 
of their position in the Group to make financial gains by dealing in securities based on inside information. As a 
guiding principle, an employee should consider the ‘front page’ test, that is: 
“If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could the proposed Dealing be perceived by the 
market as taking advantage of my position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the Dealing was 
reported on the front page of the newspaper?”. 
If any employee is unsure, they should consult the Company Secretary. Where any approval under this Policy 
is required for a Dealing, approval will not be granted where the dealing would not satisfy the ‘front page’ test. 
3.6 
Securities of other companies 
You must not Deal in Securities of any other listed entity or procure or communicate with others in relation to 
those other Securities, if it would breach any insider trading rules or law (globally). This includes but is not 
limited to situations where you come into possession of Inside Information about another listed entity during 
the course of your role at Ansell (e.g through commercial negotiations with suppliers, customers or business 
partners). You should seek guidance from the Company Secretary if you are uncertain whether or not you 
should Deal in another listed entity’s Securities.  
4. 
Additional Restrictions on Dealing for Designated Persons 
4.1 
Who are Designated Persons 
For the purpose of this policy “Designated Persons” are: 
(a) 
all directors of Ansell (Directors); 
(b) 
senior management which includes all members of the executive leadership team (ELT Members) and 
all employees with Vice President designation, and 
(c) 
any employee with access to the monthly consolidated financial information and any other employees 
who are likely to receive price sensitive or Inside Information in the course of their positions of 
employment who are notified as such by the Company Secretary (Designated Employees). 
4.2 
Trading windows – Designated Persons 
Subject to approval and notification requirements set out in clause 4.3 below, Designated Persons and their 
Closely Related Parties may, unless the Company advises otherwise, Deal in Ansell Securities during the 30-
day period beginning on at the commencement of trading on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) on the 
second trading day after: 
(a) 
the release of the Company’s half-yearly results to the ASX; 
(b) 
the release of the Company’s annual results to the ASX; or 
(c) 
the holding of the Annual General Meeting; 
(Trading Windows), subject to the general restriction on Dealing when in possession of Inside Information. 
The Company Secretary will notify the Designated Persons of the precise opening and closing date of each 
Trading Window.  
For the avoidance of doubt, subject to clause 4.4 and clause 4.5, Designated Persons may not Deal in Ansell 
Securities outside the Trading Windows. 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
Ansell Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      page | 4 
 
4.3 
Approval and notification 
(a) 
Prior to Dealing in the Company’s securities when a Trading Window is open, Designated Persons must:  
(i) 
obtain approval for their proposed dealing from the relevant Authorising Officer in clause 4.3(d) 
(a Clearance); and 
(ii) 
confirm that they are not in possession of any inside information. 
(b) 
If a Clearance is given to Deal, the clearance will be confirmed in writing and will be valid for a period of 
five trading days (inclusive of the approval date) unless otherwise stated. 
(c) 
No Dealing by a Designated Person may be executed beyond the five day period referred to in 
paragraph (b) without having sought and received further Clearance. 
(d) 
The following Designated Persons may only deal in Ansell securities during a Trading Window if it has 
been approved by the person specified below:  
Designated Person requiring approval to deal 
Authorising Officer 
Chair of the Board (and their Closely Related Parties) 
The Chair of Audit and Risk Committee  
Directors (and their Closely Related Parties) 
Chairman of the Board 
Managing Director/CEO (and their Closely Related Parties) 
Chairman of the Board 
ELT Members and Company Secretary (and their Closely Related Parties) 
Managing Director/CEO 
Vice Presidents (and their Closely Related Parties) 
Company Secretary 
Designated Employees (and their Closely Related Parties) 
Company Secretary 
(e) 
Designated Persons must take all reasonable steps to ensure that their Closely Related Parties are 
aware of, and comply with, this Policy. Where this Policy requires a Closely Related Party to do an act 
(for example provide a notification or obtain a Clearance), you must do that act on behalf of your Closely 
Related Party. 
4.4 
Excluded Dealing 
(a) 
Subject to applicable laws (including the insider trading provisions in the Corporations Act), Designated 
Persons may at any time, without seeking Clearance:  
(i) 
Deal in the Company’s Securities where the Dealing does not result in a change of beneficial 
interest in the Securities;  
(ii) 
acquire Securities under any director or employee security plan or performance rights plan 
including the exercise of options or performance rights under an option or performance rights plan 
(noting that this exception does not extend to selling Securities acquired under such a plan);  
(iii) 
undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer;  
(iv) 
invest in, or Deal in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only investing in the 
Securities of the Company) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the 
discretion of a third party; or 
(v) 
dispose of Ansell Securities that are the result of a secured lender exercising their rights under a 
loan or security agreement;  
(vi) 
Deal under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, such as a rights issue, 
a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan, bonus issue or an equal 
access buy-back; or 
(vii) 
transfer Company Securities already held into a self-managed superannuation fund or other 
saving scheme in which the Designated Person is a beneficiary;  
(b) 
If a Designated Person undertakes any of the actions described in paragraph (a), that Designated 
Person must advise the relevant Authorising Officer (as set out in clause 4.3(d)).  
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
Ansell Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      page | 5 
 
4.5 
Exceptional circumstances 
(a) 
In exceptional circumstances the Authorising Officers listed in clause 4.3(d) have discretion to approve 
Dealings by the respective Designated Person in Ansell Securities outside a Trading Window, or to 
approve Dealings in Ansell Securities that would otherwise be prohibited by this policy. 
(b) 
What constitutes “exceptional circumstances” will be assessed on a case-by-case basis by the 
Authorising Officer.  
(c) 
Any decision by the Authorising Officer under this clause 4.5 to grant or refuse to grant clearance to any 
Designated Person to Deal in Ansell Securities: 
(i) 
may be made in the Authorising Officer’s absolute discretion without giving any reasons;  
(ii) 
can be withdrawn (if clearance has been given) if new information comes to light or there is a 
change in circumstances;  
(iii) 
must be kept strictly confidential by the Designated Person.  
(d) 
If a Designated Person comes into possession of Inside Information after receiving a clearance to Deal, 
they must not Deal despite having received the clearance.  
4.6 
No short-term Dealing in Ansell Securities 
Speculation in short-term fluctuations in Ansell Securities does not promote market or shareholder confidence in 
the integrity of company or Ansell directors and senior management. 
No Designated Person should Deal in Ansell Securities on a short-term trading basis, including trading in Ansell 
Securities within a 3 month period of receiving the Securities, except in limited circumstances (such as severe 
financial hardship, Dealings of long term incentive Securities upon vesting, or where there is a legal obligation 
to sell or transfer the Securities) and with the approval of the Company Secretary and in compliance with the 
law. 
4.7 
ASX notification by directors 
Directors must notify the Company if there is a change in their security interests as soon as possible to enable 
the Company to comply with relevant timeframes under the Listing Rules in relation to notification of changes 
to directors’ relevant interests. Any director requiring assistance in this regard should contact the Company 
Secretary. 
4.8 
No margin loan arrangements 
No Designated Person should enter into a margin loan or similar funding arrangement in respect to Securities 
in the Company. 
4.9 
Ad-hoc restrictions 
The Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, may impose additional restrictions on Dealing in Ansell 
Securities by all or any Designated Persons the Company considers appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Company may impose ad-hoc restrictions under this clause 4.9 even where the proposed Dealing would 
otherwise take place when a Trading Window is open. Any restriction communicated by the Company to all or 
any Designated Persons under this clause 4.9 must be kept strictly confidential.  
5. 
Director, Executive and Employee Share and Equity Plans  
5.1 
Standing instructions 
(a) 
Where a relevant share or equity plan provides for regular share purchases to be made pursuant to a 
standing instruction, directors, executives or employees should only make an election to participate at 
a time that they do not possess any Inside Information relating to the Company.  
(b) 
If a director, executive or an employee expects to hold Inside Information at a time a standing 
instruction is to be executed, he or she must discuss such matter with the Company Secretary in 
advance of the execution of the purchase and may need to withdraw or suspend such standing 
instruction.  
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
Ansell Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      page | 6 
 
5.2 
Sale by Designated Persons 
(a) 
Any sale of Ansell shares acquired by a Designated Person under any Ansell share or equity plan (at 
the end of applicable vesting or restriction periods or upon exercise of options) must only occur: 
(i) 
during a Trading Window as set out in clause 4, provided the Designated Person is not in 
possession of Inside Information; and  
(ii) 
with Clearance obtained under clause 4.5. 
5.3 
Prohibition on hedging 
All participants in an approved share or equity plan of the Company are prohibited from engaging in any 
conduct that seeks to secure the economic value attaching to a security granted under the relevant plan and 
remove the element of price risk inherent in the value of those Securities, while the Securities remain unvested. 
Prohibited conduct includes, but is not limited to, writing put or call options over the underlying Securities, 
Dealing in derivative products or entering into other arrangements intended to hedge a ‘profit’ in those 
Securities. 
6. 
Penalties 
Ansell is committed to ensuring compliance with the letter and spirit of all applicable laws, including securities 
laws. Directors, senior executives and employees of the Company are, and will be held, responsible for the 
observance of these Guidelines. Any non-compliance will be regarded as serious misconduct which may entitle 
the Company to take corrective disciplinary action. 
A breach of the insider trading prohibition may attract both criminal and civil penalties under the Corporations 
Act. It may also have a serious impact on the Company’s reputation.  
In addition, a person who is involved in a contravention of these provisions may be liable to compensate any 
person who suffers loss or damage because of the conduct. 
7. 
Definitions 
Closely Related Party 
(a) Spouse, partner or dependent child (including adult children and 
step-children);  
(b) relative residing with the Designated Person;  
(c) other family member who the Designated Person may be 
expected to influence, or be influenced by, in relation to 
Dealings in Ansell Securities; and  
(d) companies, trusts, partnerships and other entities that the 
Designated Person, or any of the above-mentioned persons, 
control or significantly influence. 
Securities 
The definition of securities in the Corporations Act is very broad, and 
includes shares, options, debentures, convertible notes and any other 
financial product able to be traded on a financial market.  
Dealing and Deal 
Dealing in Securities is a broad concept and covers more than simply 
buying or selling Securities. It extends to subscribing for the 
Company’s Securities, forward contracts, granting options and 
hedging Securities. It also extends to entering into an agreement to do 
any of the above. 
 
For personal use only
