Australian Pipeline Ltd  ACN 091 344 704 | Australian Pipeline Trust ARSN 091 678 778 | APT Investment Trust ARSN 115 585 441 
Level 19, 580 George Street Sydney NSW 2000  |  PO Box R41 Royal Exchange NSW 1225 
Phone +61 2 9693 0000  |  Fax  +61 2 9693 0093 
APA Group | apa.com.au  
 
 
Page 1 
1 July 2016 
 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
APA Group (ASX: APA) 
(also for release to APT Pipelines Limited (ASX: AQH)) 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.9, APA Group’s Securities Trading Policy is now attached. 
 
 
Nevenka Codevelle 
Company Secretary 
Australian Pipeline Limited 
For further information please contact: 
Investor enquiries:  
Media enquiries:  
Yoko Kosugi 
Louise Watson 
Telephone: +61 2 9693 0049  
Telephone: +61 2 8079 2970  
Mob: +61 438 010 332 
Mob: +61 419 185 674 
Email: yoko.kosugi@apa.com.au 
Email: lwatson@symbolstrategic.com.au  
 
About APA Group (APA) 
APA is Australia’s largest natural gas infrastructure business, owning and/or operating around $19 billion of energy 
infrastructure assets.  Its gas transmission pipelines span every state and territory on mainland Australia, delivering 
approximately half of the nation’s gas usage.  APA has direct management and operational control over its assets and 
the majority of its investments.  APA also holds minority interests in a number of energy infrastructure enterprises 
including SEA Gas Pipeline,  Energy Infrastructure Investments, GDI Allgas Gas Networks and Diamantina and Leichhardt 
Power Stations. 
APT Pipelines Limited is a wholly owned subsidiary of Australian Pipeline Trust and is the borrowing entity of APA Group.   
For more information visit APA’s website, apa.com.au 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
APA Group 
Securities Trading 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
APA Group 
Securities Trading 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Contents 
 
1 
Purpose .......................................................................................................................... 3 
2 
Coverage / Scope ....................................................................................................... 3 
3 
Values & Commitments ............................................................................................... 3 
4 
Policy ............................................................................................................................. 3 
5 
Links / interaction with other policies ....................................................................... 11 
6 
Attachments ............................................................................................................... 12 
7 
Procedures .................................................................................................................. 12 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
APA Group 
Securities Trading 
Page 3 of 12 
1 
Purpose 
 
To ensure: 
• 
That APA Group directors, employees and contractors are aware of the legal 
prohibition against trading in APA Securities while they are in possession of 
unpublished price sensitive information, commonly referred to as insider 
trading; 
• 
That the reputation of APA Group, its directors, employees and contractors is 
not adversely affected by the perception of trading in APA Securities or certain 
other shares and securities at inappropriate times; and 
• 
That APA Group meets its obligations under the Australian Securities Exchange 
(ASX) Listing Rules with respect to disclosure of directors’ holdings of APA 
Securities and changes in those holdings from time to time. 
2 
Coverage / Scope 
 
APA Group comprises two registered managed investment schemes, Australian 
Pipeline Trust and APT Investment Trust, the units in which are stapled and listed on 
the ASX under ticker symbol “APA” (Stapled Securities).  In addition, members of APA 
Group may, from time to time, issue shares, units, options, derivatives, debentures, 
notes, managed investment products or other financial products that are listed and 
able to be traded on a financial market (Additional Securities).  The Stapled 
Securities and Additional Securities are collectively referred to in this policy as APA 
Securities. 
 
This policy applies to dealings with APA Securities and certain other shares and 
securities by directors, employees and contractors of APA Group and its subsidiaries. 
3 
Values & Commitments 
 
APA Group recognises that directors, employees and contractors may wish to own 
APA Securities, and welcomes them doing so in order to align their investment 
interests with those of securityholders.  However, APA Group is committed to ensuring 
that its directors, employees and contractors are aware of the legal prohibition 
against insider trading and do not deal in APA Securities or certain other shares and 
securities, or create any perception of them dealing in such shares and securities, 
when they should not do so. 
4 
Policy 
 
4.1 Prohibition against insider trading 
 
4.1.1 Basic principles 
 
Australia’s insider trading laws prohibit certain dealings with respect to publicly 
traded shares or other securities.  In that context, the expression to deal in means to 
apply for, acquire or dispose of securities and the expressions dealing and dealings 
have corresponding meanings. 
 
For personal use only

 
APA Group 
Securities Trading 
Page 4 of 12 
Under the insider trading laws, if you have price-sensitive information relating to APA 
Group which is not generally available, it is illegal for you to:  
• 
deal in APA Securities;  
• 
advise, procure or encourage another person to deal in APA Securities; or  
• 
pass on such information to any other person if you know, or ought reasonably 
to know, that the person is likely to use the information to deal in APA Securities 
or to procure someone else to do so. 
 
You cannot get around the law by arranging for a member of your family or a friend, 
or your family trust or superannuation fund, to deal in APA Securities; nor may you 
give "tips" concerning APA Group information to others in the circumstances 
described above. 
 
The laws also extend to prohibited activity in respect to APA Securities which are 
listed in an overseas jurisdiction (such as APA Group’s medium term notes listed on 
the Singapore Exchange) whether such activity is undertaken in Australia or offshore.   
 
The laws apply to dealing not only in APA Securities, but also in shares or other 
securities of any other company or entity (e.g. a managed investment scheme) 
about which you may have price-sensitive information.  
 
It is your responsibility to ensure that you do not do any of these prohibited things, 
the potential consequences of which are summarised in section 4.1.4.  If in doubt, 
you should seek advice by contacting the Company Secretary or by obtaining your 
own independent advice.  
 
Additional rules, set out in section 4.2 below, apply to the directors of Australia 
Pipeline Limited, senior management of APA Group and others identified in that 
section.  
 
4.1.2 What is "price-sensitive information"?  
 
Price-sensitive information, in relation to APA Group, means information that would, if 
it was publicly known, be likely to:  
• 
have a material effect (either positive or negative) on the price or value of 
APA Securities; or 
• 
influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or not 
to deal in APA Securities.  
 
That definition can also be applied to determine what is price sensitive information in 
relation to securities issued by companies or entities other than APA Group or 
members of APA Group. 
 
Examples of possible price-sensitive information might include:  
• 
financial performance against budget; 
• 
entry into or termination of a material contract; 
• 
a material acquisition or sale of assets;  
For personal use only

 
APA Group 
Securities Trading 
Page 5 of 12 
• 
a proposed distribution or a change in distribution policy; or  
• 
a material claim or other unexpected material liability.  
 
4.1.3 When is the information "generally available"? 
 
Information is generally available if:  
• 
it consists of a readily observable matter; 
• 
it has been brought to the attention of  persons who commonly invest in 
securities (such as through an announcement to the ASX), and a reasonable 
period has elapsed since the announcement; or 
• 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences that can be drawn from the 
above. 
Price sensitive information that is not generally available is referred to in this policy as 
Inside Information.  
 
4.1.4 What are the consequences if I breach the insider trading prohibition?  
 
Breach of the insider trading laws may subject you to:  
• 
criminal liability – penalties include heavy fines and imprisonment;  
• 
civil liability – you can be sued by another party or APA Group (or other 
applicable company or entity) for any loss suffered as a result of illegal trading 
activities.  
 
Breach of the law or this policy is also likely to damage your own reputation and the 
reputation of APA Group, and will be regarded by APA Group as serious misconduct 
which may lead to disciplinary action, including your dismissal. 
 
4.2 Special rules for Directors, Designated Persons and others 
 
4.2.1 To whom this section 4.2 applies 
 
This section 4.2 applies to: 
• 
the directors of the responsible entity, Australian Pipeline Limited (Directors); 
• 
the following personnel (Designated Persons): 
o 
the Company Secretary;  
o 
APA Group’s Executive Committee; 
o 
the Responsible Officers of Australian Pipeline Trust and APT Investment 
Trust; 
o 
the directors of subsidiaries in APA Group; and 
o 
other persons specified from time to time by the Managing Director; and 
• 
Related Parties of Directors and Designated Persons (see section 4.2.6).  
 
For personal use only

 
APA Group 
Securities Trading 
Page 6 of 12 
The Company Secretary will operate a process for regularly reviewing the list of 
Designated Persons and maintain a register of Designated Persons, and will notify 
relevant individuals of their inclusion on or removal from the register. 
 
4.2.2  Closed Periods 
 
Directors and Designated Persons must not deal in APA Securities during either of the 
following periods (each a Closed Period):  
• 
in the period starting 1 January and ending at the beginning of trading on the 
business day after the release of APA Group’s half yearly results to the ASX; or 
• 
in the period starting 1 July and ending at the beginning of trading on the 
business day after the release of APA Group's annual results to the ASX. 
 
For example: if APA Group releases its full year results on Monday, 25 August, a 
Closed Period commences on 1 July and ends at the beginning of trading on 
Tuesday, 26 August. 
 
Directors and Designated Persons intending to deal in APA Securities outside a 
Closed Period must ensure their buy or sell orders (including unfilled market and limit 
orders) are withdrawn before the commencement of a Closed Period, so that trades 
only occur outside the Closed Period. 
 
Directors and Designated Persons are also not permitted to commence or withdraw 
from participation in any APA Group security purchase plan or dividend or 
distribution plan during a Closed Period. 
 
However, even outside a Closed Period: 
• 
a Director or Designated Person who has Inside Information relating to APA 
Group will be precluded from trading in APA Securities, as explained in section 
4.1; and 
• 
a Director or Designated Person who does not have such Inside Information 
must obtain clearance before dealing in APA Securities, as explained in section 
4.2.3.   
 
4.2.3 Clearance to deal in APA Securities outside a Closed Period 
 
Directors and Designated Persons who propose to deal in APA Securities outside a 
Closed Period (in this section, Applicant) must, before the dealing occurs, obtain 
clearance from the following person (each, a Recipient): 
• 
in the case of a Director – the Chairman of Australian Pipeline Limited 
(Chairman); 
• 
in the case of the Chairman – the Chairman of the APA Group Audit and Risk 
Management Committee (ARMC Chairman); 
• 
in the case of the Company Secretary – the Managing Director; or 
• 
in the case of any other Designated Person – the Company Secretary. 
An application for clearance must be made using the form provided by the 
Company Secretary for the purpose and must be completed and submitted to the 
For personal use only

 
APA Group 
Securities Trading 
Page 7 of 12 
Company Secretary.  It must include a representation by the Applicant that they 
have no Inside Information relating to APA Group and an undertaking by the 
Applicant to keep the application and any refusal of clearance confidential. 
The following process must be followed after an application for clearance is made: 
• 
if the Recipient is the Chairman or the ARMC Chairman, they will ask the 
Company Secretary to consult with the Disclosure Committee (constituted 
under the Market Disclosure Policy) on the matters referred to below and report 
back to them; 
• 
in that situation, and also if the Recipient is the Managing Director or the 
Company Secretary, the Managing Director or the Company Secretary, as the 
case requires, will consult with the Disclosure Committee in relation to factors 
relevant to whether the clearance ought to be granted, including whether 
there is any Inside Information relating to APA Group which should prevent the 
Applicant dealing in APA Securities (notwithstanding that the dealing will occur 
outside the Closed Period), and also make any other enquiries as they consider 
relevant to the clearance request; 
• 
if the Recipient is the Chairman or the ARMC Chairman, the Company 
Secretary will report back to them on the matters considered by, and the 
outcome of the consultation with, the Disclosure Committee; and 
• 
the Recipient will then determine whether to give or refuse clearance and, if 
the Recipient is not the Company Secretary, notify the Company Secretary 
that clearance is given or denied, as the case may be. 
The decision to give or refuse clearance is in the absolute discretion of the Recipient 
and is final and binding on the Applicant, and reasons for the decision need not be 
provided.  A clearance may be withdrawn if there is a change in circumstances or 
relevant new information comes to hand.  If clearance is refused, the Applicant 
must keep the fact of that refusal confidential. 
The Applicant must not deal in APA Securities until clearance is received.  
Clearance to undertake a proposed dealing will be valid for three business days or 
until a Closed Period commences, whichever is the shorter period.  
Designated Persons must provide the Company Secretary with written notification of 
all dealings in APA Securities within two business days of the trade, even though 
clearance for the trade has been received.  Directors’ notification obligations are 
set out in section 4.4. 
Clearance to undertake a proposed dealing in APA Securities is a compliance 
monitoring function only.  It is not an endorsement of the dealing by the Director or 
Designated Person requesting clearance, and does not constitute financial advice 
regarding the dealing or legal advice that they may deal in APA Securities in 
compliance with the insider trading laws. Directors and Designated Persons remain 
responsible for complying with the insider trading laws and should obtain their own 
legal and financial advice regarding their dealings in APA Securities. 
 
4.2.4 Short term dealing and misleading trading 
 
Directors and Designated Persons must not engage in short-term or speculative 
trading of APA Securities.  While it is impractical to provide a precise definition of 
short-term or speculative trading in this policy, the guiding principle is that Directors 
For personal use only

 
APA Group 
Securities Trading 
Page 8 of 12 
and Designated Persons who purchase APA Securities should intend, at the time of 
acquisition, to continue to hold the purchased APA Securities for at least the next 12 
months.  
 
Directors and Designated Persons must not both buy and sell APA Securities in the 
same “open” period between two consecutive Closed Periods, but this requirement 
does not prohibit the sale of APA Securities acquired under an employee equity 
incentive scheme or employee security plan.  
 
Directors and Designated Persons must not engage in the short selling of APA 
Securities.   
 
In addition to the insider trading prohibitions, the Corporations Act contains 
prohibitions against any person taking part in any trading that is likely to create or 
maintain an artificial price for securities or create a false or misleading appearance 
of active trading.  
 
4.2.5 Margin loans and financial instruments and arrangements over APA Securities 
 
Directors and Designated Persons are not permitted at any time (including outside 
any Closed Period) to enter into any hedging instruments or arrangements regarding 
or derivative financial products issued over any APA Securities held by the Director or 
Designated Person. 
 
Directors and Designated Persons may not at any time, directly or indirectly, grant 
any form of security (whether by way of charge, mortgage, pledge or otherwise) 
over any APA Securities which are unvested or subject to a holding lock, to secure 
any obligation of that person, or any third party. 
 
Directors and Designated Persons may include APA Securities in a diversified 
portfolio under a margin loan facility or secured financing arrangement provided 
that: 
• 
the facility or arrangement does not permit title to the APA Securities to be 
transferred; and 
• 
to avoid doubt, the terms of this policy will continue to apply to the relevant 
APA Securities, including the requirement that they not be disposed of in a 
Closed Period unless permission for such disposal is granted pursuant to section 
4.2.7.  
 
4.2.6 Immediate family members, companies, superannuation funds and trusts 
 
In this policy, the term Related Parties means: 
• 
the spouse (including de facto spouse) or partner of a Director or Designated 
Person, and children of a Director or Designated Person who live with them; 
and 
• 
any company, superannuation fund or trust over which a Director or 
Designated Person has significant influence. 
 
For personal use only

 
APA Group 
Securities Trading 
Page 9 of 12 
APA Group is concerned to ensure that Related Parties of Directors and Designated 
Persons do not deal in APA Securities at inappropriate times.  While such dealings by 
Related Parties might occur independently of the relevant Director or Designated 
Person, and without access to any “inside information” concerning APA Group, 
there is at least a risk that the dealings will be perceived to be inappropriate and 
possibly damage the reputation of APA Group and the individuals concerned.   
 
However, APA Group is aware that Directors and Designated Persons may not be in 
a position to exercise control over their Related Parties in respect to dealings with 
APA Securities, in which case APA Group requires that Directors and Designated 
Persons take all reasonable steps to cause their respective Related Parties to comply 
with this section 4.2 as if they were Directors or Designated Persons. 
 
4.2.7 Dealings permitted by exception due to exceptional circumstances  
 
The Chairman may approve dealings in APA Securities by Directors, and the 
Chairman and the Managing Director jointly may approve dealings in APA Securities 
by Designated Persons during a Closed Period, but only:  
• 
in exceptional circumstances; and  
• 
if the person concerned declares that he or she does not possess any price-
sensitive information.  
 
Exceptional circumstances for this purpose include: 
• 
severe financial hardship such as a pressing financial commitment that cannot 
be satisfied otherwise than by selling the relevant securities; 
• 
a court order, court enforceable undertaking or other legal or regulatory 
requirement requiring a sale of the relevant securities; or 
• 
other exceptional circumstance as approved by the Chairman in the case of a 
Director’s dealing, or the Chairman and the Managing Director in the case of a 
Designated Person’s dealing. 
 
A request for approval to deal in APA Securities based on exceptional 
circumstances must be made using the form provided by the Company Secretary 
for the purpose and must be completed and submitted to the Company Secretary.  
It must include particulars of the exceptional circumstances on which the request is 
based and a declaration that the applicant does not possess any Inside Information 
relating to APA Group.    
 
The decision to give or withhold approval based on exceptional circumstances is in 
the absolute discretion of the relevant decision maker and is final and binding on 
the applicant, and reasons for the decision need not be provided.  An approval 
may be withdrawn if there is a change in circumstances or relevant new information 
comes to hand.  If approval is refused, the applicant must keep the fact of that 
refusal confidential.  
 
The approval must be obtained in writing in advance of the proposed dealing, and 
will specify the period during which the approval is valid and during which the 
proposed dealing must take place. 
 
For personal use only

 
APA Group 
Securities Trading 
Page 10 of 12 
If the Chairman is unavailable to consider a request for approval under this section 
4.2.7, that request may be considered and approval may be given instead by the 
ARMC Chairman. 
 
APA Group may be required to notify the ASX whether prior written clearance was 
obtained. 
 
4.2.8 Exclusions 
 
The restrictions detailed in sections 4.2.2 and 4.2.3 do not apply to dealings in APA 
Securities by Directors or Designated Persons, or their Related Parties, in the following 
circumstances: 
• 
the acquisition of APA Securities issued or acquired as a result of: 
• 
participation in any distribution or dividend reinvestment plan or security 
purchase plan (but refer to section 4.2.2 concerning commencement or 
withdrawal from participation in such plans during a Closed Period); 
• 
an entitlement issue available to securityholders generally; 
• 
an offer made under a prospectus or product disclosure statement; or 
• 
participation in an employee equity incentive scheme or employee 
security plan, 
(note, however, that any subsequent sale of these securities remains subject to 
the restrictions in this section 4.2); 
• 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
• 
dealings that are required by either the terms of the relevant APA Securities (or 
other documents governing those securities) or the constituent documents of 
the relevant issuing entity (e.g. a compulsory redemption of debt instruments 
on issue);  
• 
transfers of securities where the beneficial interest does not change (e.g. 
transfer from personal ownership into a self-managed superannuation fund); or 
• 
trading via investments in a scheme or other arrangement where the 
investment decisions are exercised by a third party and neither the Director or 
Designated Person, nor their Related Parties, has control or influence with 
respect to trading decisions,   
 
unless determined otherwise by the board of directors of Australian Pipeline Limited. 
 
4.3 Prohibitions or restrictions in respect to dealing in securities of entities 
other than APA Group 
 
The Managing Director may from time to time and for any period prohibit or 
otherwise restrict dealing by Designated Persons, or particular Designated Persons, in 
shares, units, options, derivatives, debentures, notes, managed investment products 
or other financial products that are listed and able to be traded on a financial 
market issued by an entity other than APA Group (Restricted Securities), without the 
Managing Director’s prior written approval.  The prohibition on dealing in Restricted 
Securities is a blanket prohibition and sections 4.2.2 and 4.2.3 do not apply to 
Restricted Securities.   
For personal use only

 
APA Group 
Securities Trading 
Page 11 of 12 
 
The Managing Director might elect to do so, for example, where certain Designated 
Persons, through the performance of their roles with respect to APA Group, may 
have access to price sensitive information of the other entity.  In most such cases, 
trading would also be prohibited by the insider trading laws explained in this policy.   
 
The Company Secretary will notify each person to whom such a prohibition or other 
restriction applies, informing them of the name of the relevant entity.  The prohibition 
or restriction will apply to the person’s Related Parties, unless advised otherwise by 
the Company Secretary. 
 
Subject to the overriding operation of the Corporations Act prohibitions against 
dealing in securities while in possession of Inside Information, the permissions and 
exclusions available under sections 4.2.7 and 4.2.8 apply to any prohibition or 
restriction with respect to dealings in Restricted Securities imposed by the Managing 
Director as if the references in those sections to APA Securities were instead 
references to Restricted Securities. 
 
4.4 Notification of trades by Directors 
 
Directors are required to notify the Company Secretary of the details of all 
acquisitions or disposals of APA Securities by: 
• 
the Directors themselves; or  
• 
any entity (e.g. a company, trust or superannuation fund) or person (e.g. a 
child or other family member) where the Director, directly or indirectly, has or 
will have the power to exercise the right to vote attached to the APA Securities 
or to dispose of the APA Securities, or to control the exercise of either of those 
powers. 
 
Directors must provide those details to the Company Secretary in sufficient time to 
allow APA Group to notify ASX of the trade within five business days, as may be 
required by the ASX Listing Rules. That period of five days starts on the date the 
contract for the trade is made, not the day the trade is settled and paid for.   
 
In the case of issue of APA Securities to Directors through their participation in APA 
Group’s Distribution Reinvestment Plan, the Company Secretary will obtain the 
relevant details from the securities registry and notify ASX of the details of those issues 
accordingly. 
 
If it becomes apparent that a Director has breached this policy, APA Group will give 
careful consideration to whether it ought to make an announcement to the market 
explaining the circumstances of the breach and what, if any, remedial and/or 
disciplinary action it has taken or proposes to take in relation to the breach.  
 
5 
Links / interaction with other policies 
Market Disclosure Policy 
Compliance Plan; Part 6.17 Insider Trading 
For personal use only

 
APA Group 
Securities Trading 
Page 12 of 12 
6 
Attachments 
 
Nil 
 
7 
Procedures 
 
Securities Trading Procedures 
 
For personal use only
