 
Eagers Automotive Limited 
T (07) 3608 7100  
 
 
 
Registered Office  
          
Postal Address  
ABN 87 009 680 013            
F (07) 3608 7111 
 
 
 
5 Edmund Street 
     
PO Box 199 
ASX: APE 
 
E corporate@eagersautomotive.com.au    
Newstead  
 
Fortitude Valley 
 
 
W www.eagersautomotive.com.au 
  
QLD 4006       
 
QLD 4006  
 
 
 
 
29 July 2025 
 
 
 
Markets Announcements Office 
ASX Limited 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
Eagers Automotive Limited (ASX: APE) has updated its Securities Trading Policy. 
Attached is the updated version which is also available on our website.  
 
The updated policy is given to the ASX under listing rule 12.9. 
 
 
 
-ENDS- 
 
 
For more information: 
Denis Stark 
 
Company Secretary 
 
(07) 3608 7100 
 
             
 
Authorised for release by the Company Secretary. 
 
For personal use only

 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Directors and Employees must comply with this policy. 
 
Terms used in this policy have the meanings ascribed to them in section 9.  
 
Any Director or Employee who has Inside Information in relation to APE (or any other company) must not, unless 
permitted by law:  
 
Deal in the Securities of APE (or that other company, as applicable); 
 
advise, encourage, procure or suggest that another person (for example a family member, a friend, a family 
company or trust, or anyone else) Deal in the Securities of APE (or that other company, as applicable); or 
 
communicate the Inside Information to another person where there is reason to know that person might Deal in 
the Securities of APE (or that other company, as applicable) or procure someone else to do so. 
 
 
Restricted Persons must not Deal in APE Securities outside Closed Periods without prior notice to the Chair or 
Company Secretary (or in their absence, to a non-executive Director). 
 
Restricted Persons must not Deal in APE Securities during Closed Periods without prior written approval: 
(a) 
(for a Dealing by the Chair) of a non-executive Director; and 
(b) 
(for a Dealing by any other Restricted Person) of the Chair (or in the Chair’s absence, a non-executive 
Director). 
 
Requests for approval under clause 3.2 are to be submitted with relevant supporting information. The approval 
may include conditions include the period in which the Dealing may occur.  
 
When considering whether to approve a Dealing in Securities under clause 3.2, any circumstances considered 
relevant including without limitation any of the following may be taken into account: 
(a) 
any financial difficulties or other significant or imminent financial commitments of the Restricted Person; 
(b) 
any serious injury or illness, natural disaster or act of God, as relevant; 
(c) 
any legal or regulatory requirement to Deal in the Securities;  
(d) 
whether the Restricted Person may have Inside Information; and 
(e) 
whether the Dealing involves a sale of Securities in order to fund the exercise or vesting of options, rights 
or other interests under employee equity or incentive plans and/or associated tax liabilities or costs. 
 
The prohibitions on Dealing in Securities under clauses 3.1 and 3.2 will not apply to any Dealing: 
(a) 
which results in no change in the beneficial interest in the Securities; 
(b) 
which occurs via investments in schemes or other arrangements where the investment decisions are not 
exercised by the Restricted Person; 
(c) 
in respect of which the Restricted Person has no control or influence over the Dealing decision; 
(d) 
which occurs under a takeover offer or an offer or invitation to all or most of the holders of a class of Security; 
(e) 
for the conversion of convertible Securities; 
(f) 
to take up entitlements under rights, bonus or pro rata issues or dividend reinvestment plans; or 
(g) 
to take up entitlements or exercise options or rights under the Company’s employee equity or incentive 
plans. 
 
Despite anything to the contrary contained or implied in this policy, Restricted Persons must not Deal in Securities 
at any time when it would be unlawful for them to do so, for example, when they have Inside Information in relation 
to APE. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Any Employee who participates in an employee equity or incentive plan must not hedge or otherwise reduce or 
eliminate the risk associated with the plan by Dealing in derivatives, hedging or similar arrangements in relation 
to Securities that have not vested or are subject to trading restrictions under the plan, without the Chair’s approval. 
 
Any breach of the previous clause will result in forfeiture or lapsing of the unvested Securities or additional 
performance hurdles or trading restrictions being imposed, at the Board’s discretion. 
 
Directors and Employees must not improperly use their position with APE or its subsidiaries, or any information obtained 
by virtue of their position, for personal gain or to damage APE or any subsidiary. 
 
 
Under the ASX Listing Rules, APE is required to notify the ASX within five business days of any change in a 
Director’s relevant interests in APE Securities. 
 
Each Director must inform APE of any change to his/her relevant interests as soon as reasonably possible and 
within (3) three business days, to enable APE to comply with its obligation to notify the ASX. 
 
Each Director and/or KMP member must hold a relevant interest in APE shares to a value of at least equal to the 
Company’s annual base fee for non-executive Directors, subject to a transitional period to acquire the initial holding of 
3 years or as may be determined by the Chair. 
 
 
Any person who is a Director or Senior Executive must not, either personally or through a Related Party, take out 
a Margin Loan without the prior approval of the Board. 
 
Any Director or Senior Executive who takes out a Margin Loan, whether or not in contravention of the foregoing 
provision, must give immediate notice of the Margin Loan to the Chair and irrevocably consents to any public 
disclosure in relation to the Margin Loan which the Board may deem necessary or appropriate from time to time. 
 
 
In this policy: 
(a) 
APE means Eagers Automotive Limited. 
(b) 
Chair means the Chair of APE. 
(c) 
CEO means the CEO of APE. 
(d) 
Closed Period means any period from: 
(i) 
30th June (ie. the end of APE’s half year) until either results for that half year are announced or 
market guidance on the results is given; or 
(ii) 31st December (ie. the end of APE’s full year) until either results for that full year are announced or 
market guidance on the results is given. 
(e) 
Deal means buy, sell, transfer, hedge or otherwise trade. 
(f) 
Director means a Director of APE. 
(g) 
Employee means any employee of APE or its subsidiaries. 
(h) 
Inside Information in relation to a company means information which is not publicly available, but if it 
were to be made publicly available, would be likely to materially affect the price or value of the 
company’s Securities. This includes information that would be likely to influence people who commonly 
buy or sell Securities in deciding whether or not to buy or sell the company’s Securities. Examples of 
Inside Information in relation to a company might include:  
(i) 
the company deciding to acquire or dispose of a significant business or asset;  
For personal use only

 
(ii) the company’s financial results materially exceeding (or falling short of) the market’s expectations;  
(iii) the threat of major litigation involving the company;  
(iv) a new business opportunity for the company; 
(v) the likely awarding (or loss) of a major contract or franchise to the company;  
(vi) a proposed dividend in respect of the company’s shares;  
(vii) a proposed new share issue by the company; or  
(viii) a significant change in senior management of the company. 
(i) 
KMP means key management personnel (as defined in the ASX listing rules) of APE. 
(j) 
Margin Loan means any loan secured against APE Securities where the lender is protected from falls 
in the value of the Securities by a call right over those Securities. 
(k) 
Related Party means any person, company or other entity under the direct or indirect control of a 
Director or Senior Executive. 
(l) 
Restricted Person means: 
(i) 
any Director;   
(ii) the CEO; 
(iii) any KMP member; and 
(iv) any Employee who is nominated from time to time by the Chair or CEO to be a Restricted Person 
for the purpose of any provision of this policy (which, for example, may include any Employee who 
reports directly to the CEO, has access to APE’s monthly management reports (such as an 
Employee who is involved in the preparation of those reports) or any other Employee whatsoever). 
(m) 
Securities means shares or options, rights, warrants, forward contracts or tradeable financial products 
in respect of shares. 
(n) 
Senior Executive means any Employee nominated from time to time by the Chair or CEO to be a 
Senior Executive for the purpose of section 8. 
(o) 
Writing includes email or any electronic communication. 
For personal use only
