	  
	  
1 
Level 6, 9 Help Street 
Chatswood, NSW 2067 
Tel + 61 2 9468 6300 
Fax + 61 2 9468 6311 
ASX	  ANNOUNCEMENT	  
	  
26	  August	  2016	  
	  
SECURITIES	  DEALING	  POLICY	  
Appen	   Ltd	   (ASX:	   APX)	   (Appen)	   advises	   that	   the	   Board	   has	   made	   changes	   to	   the	  
Company’s	  Securities	  Dealing	  Policy.	  
	  
In	  accordance	  with	  Listing	  Rules	  12.10,	  the	  revised	  policy	  is	  attached	  and	  is	  effective	  
immediately.	  
	  
	  
	  
Please	  contact	  for	  more	  information:	  	  
	  
Mark	  Brayan	  (CEO)	  mbrayan@appen.com	  +61	  9468	  6392	  	  
Kevin	  Levine	  (CFO)	  klevine@appen.com	  +612	  9468	  6322	  	  
	  
About Appen Ltd (ASX: APX), Appen is a global leader in speech and search technology 
services. With expertise in more than 150 languages, Appen partners with leading 
technology and ecommerce companies as they develop new offerings and expand them 
to global markets. Our solutions help companies create engaging products with accurate 
speech interfaces and relevant content ranging from web sites, to maps, images, and 
merchandise. 
For personal use only

 
1
 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
 
 
Appen Limited 
ACN 138 878 298 
 
 
For personal use only

 
2
Securities Dealing Policy 
1 
Introduction 
1.1 
This policy imposes constraints on directors, employees and contractors of the group 
dealing in securities of Appen Limited (Company).   
1.2 
This policy has been adopted by the board of directors of the Company (Board). 
2 
Explanation of terms 
2.1 
For the purposes of this policy: 
(1) 
dealing in securities includes: 
(a) 
applying for, acquiring or disposing of, securities; 
(b) 
entering into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of, securities; 
(c) 
granting, accepting, exercising or discharging an option or other right or 
obligation to acquire or dispose of securities; 
(d) 
trading in financial products issued or created over securities of the 
Company; and 
(e) 
entering into transactions in financial products which operate to limit the 
economic risk of security holdings; 
(2) 
designated persons means: 
(a) 
all directors, officers and other key management personnel; and  
(b) 
any other person designated by the Board, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) or 
Company Secretary from time to time; 
(3) 
Director means any director of the Company from time to time; 
(4) 
group means the Company and each of its subsidiaries (as that term is defined in 
the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)); 
(5) 
key management personnel (KMP) has the meaning given to it in the ASX Listing 
Rules and includes the CEO, the Company secretary and all employees having 
authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of 
the group (or as determined by the Board from time to time); 
(6) 
notification officer means: 
(a) 
in the case of the Company secretary, the Chair; 
(b) 
in the case of Directors or key management personnel of the group other 
than the Company Secretary, the CEO or Chief Financial Officer, and Chair 
or the Company Secretary; and 
(c) 
in the case of the Chair, another non-executive director and the Company 
Secretary. 
For personal use only

 
3
 
(7) 
prohibited period means designated periods where Dealing in Appen Securities is 
prohibited, as outlined in clause 7. 
(8) 
securities includes shares in the Company, options over those shares and any 
other financial products of the Company traded on ASX; and 
(9) 
trading day means any day that the ASX is open for trading. 
3 
Objectives 
3.1 
The objectives of this policy are to: 
(1) 
minimise the risk of Directors, employees and contractors of the group 
contravening the laws against insider trading; 
(2) 
ensure the Company is able to meet its reporting obligations under the ASX Listing 
Rules; and 
(3) 
increase transparency with respect to dealing in securities of the Company 
(including shares and options) by its Directors and KMP.  
3.2 
To achieve these objectives, Directors, employees and contractors of the group should 
consider this policy to be binding on them in the absence of specific exemption by the 
Board. 
3.3 
At the commencement of appointment or employment, all Appen Directors, employees and 
contractors must sign a declaration that he/she will abide by this Policy.  
4 
What is insider trading? 
4.1 
The Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) prohibits persons who are in possession of information 
that is not generally available to the public and which a reasonable person would expect to 
have a material effect on the price or value of securities in the Company (Price Sensitive 
Information) from: 
(1) 
dealing in the securities; or 
(2) 
communicating the Price Sensitive Information to others who might deal in the 
securities. 
4.2 
Information is generally available to the public if, amongst other things, it consists of readily 
observable matters or it has been brought to the attention of investors by an 
announcement with ASX Limited (ASX) and a reasonable period for its dissemination has 
elapsed since the announcement. 
4.3 
Directors, employees and contractors of the group will from time to time be in a situation 
where they are in possession of Price Sensitive Information.  Examples include the period 
prior to release of annual or half-yearly results to ASX and the period during which a major 
transaction is being negotiated. 
4.4 
For these reasons, the advice of the notification officers should be sought prior to any 
dealings taking place, and steps should be taken to ensure that those acting as notification 
officers are appraised of all relevant considerations by the person appointed by the 
Company. 
For personal use only

 
4
5 
No dealing in securities of the Company when in possession of  
Price Sensitive Information 
5.1 
Directors, employees and contractors of the group in possession of Price Sensitive 
Information must not at any time: 
(1) 
deal in securities of the Company; 
(2) 
advise, procure, encourage or suggest another person deal in securities of the 
Company; or 
(3) 
communicate the Price Sensitive Information, or cause the Price Sensitive 
Information to be communicated, to a person who may deal in securities of the 
Company or may procure another person to deal in securities of the Company. 
5.2 
A contravention of the insider trading prohibitions is an offence and exposes a person to 
criminal and civil liability, including liability under civil damages actions and compensation 
orders.  The penalties for a breach of the insider trading prohibitions are serious and 
include severe fines and imprisonment. 
5.3 
KMP must ensure that external advisors who receive Price Sensitive Information are bound 
by a confidentiality agreement or other enforceable confidentiality obligations. 
5.4 
From time to time, the Company may publish a list of companies whose securities 
Directors, employees and contractors of the group are prohibited from dealing in due to the 
Company being in possession of Price Sensitive Information in respect of those companies 
(Restricted Securities List).  Directors, employees and contractors of the group must not 
deal in securities of companies on the Restricted Securities List at any time. 
6 
No short-term dealing in securities of the Company 
6.1 
Designated Persons must not at any time engage in short-term dealing in securities of the 
Company. 
6.2 
Short-term dealing is considered to be dealing where the acquisition and disposal of 
securities occurs within 6 months of each other. 
7 
No Dealing in Prohibited Periods 
7.1 
In addition to the restrictions in clauses 5 and 6, Designated Persons and employees must 
not deal in Appen Securities during the following prohibited periods (except in accordance 
with this policy). 
7.2 
The Prohibited Periods are: 
(a) 
from the day after Appen’s half year end, being 1 July, and ending at 4.00pm 
A E S T on the day Appen’s half yearly results are announced to the ASX; 
(b) 
from the day after the financial year end, being 1 January, and ending at 
4.00pm A E S T on the day Appen’s annual results are announced to the ASX;  
(c) 
two weeks prior to the Annual General Meeting (AGM) and ending at 4.00pm 
AEST on the business day after the AGM is held; and 
(d) 
during any extension to the above closed periods, and during any additional 
Prohibited Periods, as specified by the Board. 
For personal use only

 
5
7.3 
Designated Persons and employees may deal in Appen Securities at other times subject to 
complying with insider trading prohibitions (see clause 4) and the authorisation requirements 
of this policy. 
7.4 
To assist Designated Persons and employees in determining when they may deal in Appen 
securities, an email will be sent by the Chief Financial Officer detailing the beginning and 
end of a Prohibited Period. 
8 
Trading in exceptional circumstances during Prohibited Periods  
8.1 
Designated persons and employees who are not in possession of Price Sensitive 
Information may deal in securities of the Company during Prohibited Periods or may 
engage in short-term dealing of securities if there are exceptional circumstances and he or 
she receives prior written clearance from the designated officer. 
8.2 
Exceptional circumstances are: 
(1) 
financial hardship which cannot be satisfied otherwise than by dealing in securities 
of the Company; or 
(2) 
a court order directing the dealing in securities of the Company. 
8.3 
Designated persons or employees wishing to deal in securities of the Company during a 
Prohibited Period or engage in short-term dealing of securities based on exceptional 
circumstances must apply in writing (email is acceptable) to the notification officer for prior 
written clearance to deal in those securities.  The application must include the following 
information: 
(1) 
details of the exceptional circumstances; 
(2) 
the number of securities of the Company that he or she wishes to deal in; 
(3) 
the way in which he or she wishes to deal in those securities; 
(4) 
a request for clearance to deal in those securities; and 
(5) 
confirmation that he or she is not in possession of any Price Sensitive Information. 
8.4 
The Notification Officer must consider the objectives of this policy and the purpose of the 
ASX Listing Rules in making a determination as to whether to provide consent to deal in 
securities of the Company during a period outside the Trading Window or to allow short-
term dealing in securities. 
8.5 
Any consent provided by the Notification Officer under this policy must: 
(1) 
be in writing (email is acceptable); and 
(2) 
outline the duration of the clearance (which must be no more than 5 trading days 
from the date of the provision of any consent). 
9 
Designated persons to obtain prior written clearance for dealings in 
securities of the Company 
9.1 
Designated Persons must not deal in Appen securities without: 
(a) 
Completing the approval form in Schedule A; and 
For personal use only

 
6
(b) 
Obtaining written approval to trade from the Notification Officer.  
9.2 
Approval is intended as a compliance monitoring function only and is not an endorsement 
of the proposed dealing.  Designated Persons remain responsible for their own investment 
decisions and compliance with the law. 
10 
Notification of dealings in securities of the Company 
10.1 
The ASX Listing Rules require the Company to notify ASX of dealings in notifiable interests 
in securities of the Company by Directors within 3 business days. 
10.2 
Directors must notify the Company Secretary immediately after dealing in any securities of 
the Company and provide the Company with the requisite details of the dealing for the 
Company to comply with the ASX Listing Rules. 
10.3 
Designated persons (other than directors, who must comply with clause 10.2) must notify 
the Company Secretary immediately after acquiring or disposing of a relevant interest in 
any securities of the Company. 
10.4 
The Company Secretary will maintain a register of Designated Persons relevant interest in 
the securities of the Company.  This register will be reviewed by the Audit and Risk 
Committee periodically, with any anomalies being reported to the Board. 
11 
No hedging 
11.1 
Notwithstanding any other part of this policy, Designated Persons must not at any time 
enter into transactions in associated products which operate to limit the economic risk of 
security holdings in the Company. 
12 
Margin lending 
12.1 
Designated Persons are not permitted to enter into margin lending arrangements in relation 
to Appen Securities. This is on the grounds that the terms may require Appen Securities to 
be sold outside a Trading Window or when the Designated Person possesses Inside 
Information. 
12.2 
This restriction does not extend to other funding arrangements where Appen Securities may 
be included as security. Designated Persons should consult the Company Secretary if they 
are uncertain as to whether an arrangement should be classified as a margin lending 
arrangement. 
13 
Penalties 
13.1 
A contravention of this policy by a Director, key management personnel other employee or 
contractor of any member of the group may result in summary dismissal. 
14 
Application 
14.1 
This policy applies to all Directors, employees and contractors of any member of the group. 
14.2 
For the purposes of this policy, Directors, employees and contractors dealing in securities 
of the Company includes “associates” of Directors, employees and contractors of the group 
dealing in securities of the Company.  It is incumbent on each Director, employee and 
contractor of the group to take reasonable steps to ensure that an associate does not deal 
in securities of the Company in contravention of this policy where the dealing could be 
For personal use only

 
7
attributed to the Director, employee or contractor concerned.  “Associates” include your 
relatives, entities that you control and entities you are acting in concert with. 
14.3 
The following types of dealing are excluded from the operation of this policy: 
(1) 
transfers of securities of the Company already held in a superannuation fund or 
other saving scheme in which the restricted person is a beneficiary and where the 
investments are made at the discretion of a third party; 
(2) 
an investment in, or dealing in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a 
scheme only investing in securities of the Company) where the assets of the fund 
or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
(3) 
where a restricted person is a trustee, trading in securities of the Company by that 
trust provided the restricted person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any 
decision to trade during a prohibited period is taken by the other trustees or by the 
investment managers independently of the restricted person; 
(4) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
(5) 
dealing under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, such 
as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment 
plan and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and 
structure of the offer has been approved by the Board.  This includes decisions 
relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements 
required to provide for the take up of the balance of the entitlements under a 
renounceable pro rata issue; 
(6) 
a disposal of securities of the Company that is the result of a secured lender 
exercising their rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement; and 
(7) 
the exercise (but not the sale of securities of the Company following exercise) of an 
option or a right under an employee incentive scheme, or the conversion of a 
convertible security. 
15 
Administration 
15.1 
The Board will review this policy from time to time. This policy may be amended by 
resolution of the Board. 
A copy of this policy will be available on Appen’s website. It will be distributed to all 
directors, employees and other persons as relevant. Key features will be published in 
the Corporate Governance Statement. 
16 
Contact 
16.1 
If you have any questions about any of the issues raised in this policy you should contact 
the Notification Officer. 
Changes adopted 18 August 2016 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
8
SCHEDULE A 
SECURITIES TRADING FORM 
Name of employee, director, 
consultant 
 
Name in which Appen shares are 
held 
 
Approval to buy or sell  
 
Number of securities 
 
Dollar value 
$ 
Security: 
Appen Limited (or other stock name) 
 
Will the trade lead to a conflict or 
potential conflict? 
 
Is the trade for a SMSF or Investment 
Company? 
 
Are you entering into a margin loan / 
Similar funding arrangement? 
 
 
I am not in possession of any price sensitive information which could reasonably 
be expected to have a material effect on the price or value of the security if it was 
available. 
*Once approved, you have five (5) business days to complete the transaction.  If not completed 
within this timeframe, you will need to seek further approval. Please confirm to the Company 
Secretary when the transaction is completed, and return completed form to the Company 
Secretary who will liaise with the Authoriser. 
 
Signature 
 
 
Date and Time 
 
Permission  
GRANTED / NOT GRANTED by 
 
Signature 
 
 
Date and Time 
 
For personal use only
