 
 
Page 1 of 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT   
23 February 2016 
 
 
 
Revised Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, Aspen Group (ASX: APZ) advises that it has 
amended its Securities Trading Policy.   
 
 
A copy of the revised Securities Trading Policy is attached. 
 
 
Aspen Group Limited 
ABN 50 004 160 927 
 
Aspen Property Trust 
ARSN 104 807 767  
 
Level 18, 9 Hunter Street  
Sydney NSW 2000 
 
Telephone: 02 9151 7500 
Facsimile: 02 9151 7599 
 
Email: homemail@aspengroup.com.au 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
 
 
Revision Adopted by the Board 22 February 2016 
 
 
ASPEN GROUP LIMITED  
ACN 096 790 331 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Aspen Group Securities Trading Policy revised February 2016 
 Page 2 of 7 
 
 
 
ASPEN GROUP SECURITIES TRADING 
POLICY 
 
Reasons for the Policy 
Directors and Employees of Aspen Group are encouraged to be long term holders of 
Aspen Group Securities. In becoming long term holders of Aspen Group Securities it is 
important that care is taken in the timing of any acquisition or disposal of these securities.  
Directors and employees must not undertake conduct known as Insider Trading. Insider 
Trading is the direct or indirect buying or selling of securities while being in possession of 
material, price sensitive information not generally available to the market.  
Insider trading is a criminal offence, attracting potential fines and imprisonment. Civil 
penalties and the obligation to pay compensation may also be ordered against a person 
engaging in Insider Trading. In addition to any consequences applicable under law, Aspen 
Group employees who fail to adhere to the requirements of this Securities Trading Policy 
may face disciplinary action, including dismissal.  
As Aspen Group is a listed entity, ASX Listing Rules require disclosure of all trading in 
Aspen Group Securities by its directors. ASX listing Rule 12.9 requires Aspen Group to 
have a securities trading policy that meets the minimum content requirements of Listing 
Rule 12.12 which includes: 
 
Specifying the entity’s blackout periods during which no securities trading is 
permitted; 
 
Restrictions on securities trading that apply to Key Management Personnel; 
 
Any trading which is not subject to the Securities Trading Policy; Exceptional 
circumstances where Key Management Personnel may be permitted to trade; and  
 
Procedures for obtaining clearance for trading. 
This document sets out a trading policy for all Aspen Group Employees including any 
other relevant persons to meet these requirements. 
This policy is only a general guide and any questions should be directed to the Company 
Secretary prior to any trading in Aspen Group Securities. This policy contains obligations 
beyond those imposed by law to reflect good governance practices.  
Who does the policy apply to? 
This policy applies to all Aspen Group Employees and any directors and staff of entities 
associated with Aspen Group including all syndicates and funds managed by Aspen 
Group. 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Aspen Group Securities Trading Policy revised February 2016 
 Page 3 of 7 
Aspen Group Securities Trading Policy 
Rule 1.  
When can employees 
trade in Aspen Group 
Securities? 
Restriction 
You may only trade in Aspen Group Securities if:  
a) 
There is no current Blackout Period, and  
b) 
You do not have material price sensitive information that has 
not been released to the market, and 
c) 
A trading request notice has been approved (if required 
under Rule 3). 
Exceptions  
The existence of special, very limited circumstances may allow you 
to trade during a black-out period even if you have material, price 
sensitive information.  
These qualifying exceptions include:  
a) 
An application for, or acquisition of, Aspen Group Securities 
under all Employee Share or Performance Rights Plans 
conducted by Aspen Group. This exception does not apply 
to trades after that original acquisition or application. 
b) 
An acquisition of Aspen Group Securities under a 
Distribution Reinvestment Plan (DRP) provided: (i) the 
election to participate in the plan was made outside the 
black-out period and (ii) it was before you had any material 
price sensitive information. 
c) 
Accepting a takeover bid or from selling Aspen Group 
Securities pursuant to a scheme of arrangement. 
d) 
Transfers of already held Aspen Group Securities into a 
superannuation fund in which the employee is a beneficiary. 
e) 
Participating in an offer controlled by the Board made to all 
securityholders such as a rights issue or Security Purchase 
Plan Scheme. 
Directors and employees wishing to trade under one of these 
exceptions must obtain the consent of the Company Secretary 
before trading. 
Consent for trades not subject to exceptions in Rule 1 
Directors and employees wishing to trade during the black-out 
period who consider that extraordinary circumstance apply, must 
obtain the consent of the Company Secretary before trading, 
however such consent will generally only be given for hardship 
cases. An example of a hardship case where consent to trade may 
be given is the case of a pressing financial hardship. Such trading 
would be subject to complying with the general law and that in 
particular that restriction (b) above does not apply. 
Rule 2. 
Blackout Periods 
 (a)  
Automatic Blackout Periods: 
I. 
The period from 1 January until 12:00 noon Australian 
Eastern Time (AET) on the next business day after the 
day on which the half-year results are released; 
II. 
The period from 1 July until 12:00 noon (AET) on the 
next business day after the day on which the full year 
results are released; 
III. 
The period immediately following the announcement 
For personal use only

Aspen Group Securities Trading Policy revised February 2016 
 Page 4 of 7 
to hold any Aspen Group General Meeting until 12:00 
noon (AET) the day following the holding of the 
meeting.  
(b)  
Board-imposed blackout period: The Board may impose 
further blackout periods at any time. The Chairman of the 
Board has discretion to make such decisions unilaterally.  
 
The exceptions referred to in Rule 1 apply. 
Rule 3.  
Trading Request Notice 
and prior approval - Key 
Management Personnel 
and other designated 
persons  
 
 
Key Management Personnel (see definitions below) and any other 
employee, or person designated and informed in writing by the CEO 
or Company Secretary must provide a written trading request notice 
seeking prior approval to trade in Aspen Group Securities  
addressed to the CEO (or Chairman in respect of non-executive 
directors) through the Company Secretary. The trading request 
notice must be made in writing prior to any trading in Aspen Group 
Securities and may be in email form.  
The trading request notice should include confirmation that the 
individual is not in possession of unpublished material price 
sensitive information (see definitions below). 
Approval is granted at the discretion of, and on such terms and 
conditions as determined, and advised in writing to the applicant, by 
the Chairman, CEO or their delegate. Approval may be refused at 
their discretion without being obliged to provide any reason and may 
be refused, notwithstanding that the applicant is not personally in 
possession of inside information. 
All trading approvals are valid for up to 5 trading days after the date 
of the approval notice and are conditional on the full details of the 
trade being promptly provided to the Company Secretary. 
No trading is permitted if, during the 5 permitted trading days, the 
relevant person comes into possession of material, price sensitive 
information or some other restriction applies. 
A trading approval can be withdrawn if new information comes to 
light or there is a change in circumstances. Any decision to withdraw 
or refuse trading approval is final and binding, and the relevant 
person who is refused approval must keep that information 
confidential and not disclose it to any other person. 
All trading transactions will be reported to the Board by the 
Company Secretary in the usual Board reporting format.  
In order to facilitate Aspen’s compliance with its disclosure and 
reporting requirements, each director of Aspen Group must notify 
the Company Secretary as soon as practicable after any trading in 
Aspen Group Securities occurs, and in any case no more than two 
days afterwards.  
Rule 4.  
Additional restriction - 
short term trading 
Directors and employees may not engage in short term trading in 
Aspen Group Securities i.e. acquiring Securities and disposing of 
them within 3 months or less from the date of acquisition (other than 
under the qualifying exceptions under Rule 1).  
Rule 5.  
Prohibition on Hedging, 
Short Selling and 
Derivatives 
 
Directors and employees are prohibited from entering into an 
arrangement (including short selling Aspen Group Securities or 
dealing in Derivatives) that would have the effect of limiting their 
exposure to risk in relation to vested or unvested Aspen Group 
Securities (including any such Securities granted as part of their 
remuneration). 
For personal use only

Aspen Group Securities Trading Policy revised February 2016 
 Page 5 of 7 
Rule 6. 
Margin Lending  
Directors and employees must not enter into a margin lending 
arrangement or any other form of financing arrangement secured 
against Aspen Group Securities.  
Definition of Policy terms 
Who are “Key 
Management Personnel?” 
The policy makes the distinction between “Key Management 
Personnel” and all other employees. Key Management Personnel is 
defined by reference to the Australian Accounting Standards 
Boards’ AASB 124 Related Party Disclosure – being persons with 
authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the 
activities of Aspen Group (directly or indirectly), including any 
director (whether executive or otherwise).  
For the purposes of this policy only, Key Management Personnel 
include retiring directors for a period of three (3) months after 
leaving. 
Key Management Personnel are listed in the Annual Report of 
Aspen Group for the relevant reporting period. 
What is information? 
The Corporations Act states that "information" includes the 
following. 
(a)  
Matters of supposition and other matters that are 
insufficiently definite to warrant being made known to the 
public. 
(b)  
Matters relating to the intentions, or likely intentions, of a 
 
person. 
Information does not need to come from Aspen Group sources – it 
can come from anywhere.  
What is price sensitive 
information? 
Price-sensitive information is information that may have a material 
effect on the price or value of Aspen Group Securities.  
This is information that could, or could likely induce market 
participants to acquire or dispose of the Securities. 
Examples of information that may be material: 
 
The half-yearly or full year results.  
 
The financial performance of Aspen Group against its 
budget forecasts.  
 
The financial performance of Aspen Group against market 
expectations.  
 
A proposed alliance, joint venture or acquisition.  
 
A significant new proposal or development.  
 
Ending an existing alliance or joint venture.  
 
A proposed significant funding arrangement. 
 
A proposed capital raising.  
 
A proposed distribution or change in distribution policy.  
 
A change in capital structure, including a buy-back of 
Securities.  
 
An unexpected potential liability eg material litigation.  
 
A significant bad debt or credit loss.  
For personal use only

Aspen Group Securities Trading Policy revised February 2016 
 Page 6 of 7 
 
A change in the directors or a significant change in senior 
management.  
What is “not yet released 
to the market” or 
“unpublished” 
information? 
Unpublished or not yet released to the market information is 
information that is not “generally available”. Generally available 
information meets one of the following tests: 
 
(a) 
It consists of readily observable matter.  
This means facts readily observable in the public arena, 
where "readily" means promptly, quickly or easily, 
or 
(b) 
Both of the following apply:  
 
i. 
The information is price sensitive and has been made 
available in such a way that would most likely to come 
to the attention of traders in Aspen Group Securities, 
and.  
 
ii. 
A reasonable period has passed since it was made 
available, to enable such persons to become aware. 
[Example: A period of one business day since an 
announcement made to the ASX by Aspen Group]. 
or 
(c) 
It is information that is drawn from deductions, conclusions 
or inferences made or drawn from:  
 
i. 
Readily observable facts, and/or 
 
ii. 
Information which has already been made public. 
What is are “Aspen Group 
Securities”? 
Means an Aspen Group Limited share stapled to an Aspen Property 
Trust unit and includes any interest in a Derivative or other financial 
product as defined in section 1042A of the Corporations Act 
What is a “Derivative”? 
Means, in relation to Aspen Group Securities, options, forward 
contracts, swaps, futures, warrants, caps and collars as defined in 
section 761D of the Corporations Act. 
What is meant by 
"trading"? 
“Trading” means in relation to any Aspen Group Securities, any one 
of the following:  
(a) 
On your own behalf, applying for, acquiring, or disposing of 
the Securities or entering into an agreement to do so. 
(b) 
Procuring someone else to trade in those Securities or to 
enter into an agreement to do so. 
(c) 
Communicating information to another person (directly or 
indirectly) where that other person is likely to trade the 
Securities or to procure someone else to do so, on the basis 
of that information. 
(d) 
Any arrangement involving Hedging, Short Selling and 
Derivatives. 
What is meant by 
“Hedging” 
An arrangement (including short selling Aspen Group Securities or 
Derivatives) that would have the effect of limiting their exposure to 
For personal use only

Aspen Group Securities Trading Policy revised February 2016 
 Page 7 of 7 
risk in relation to vested or unvested Aspen Group Securities 
(including any Aspen Group Securities granted as part of their 
remuneration.  
What is meant by “Margin 
Lending” 
Any form of financing arrangement secured against Aspen Group 
Securities. 
Who is covered by the 
Trading Policy? – Aspen 
Group Employees  
The  restrictions on trading Aspen Group Securities applies to all 
Aspen Group Employees and related parties as defined by S228 of 
the Corporations Act (including all Key Management Personnel, 
directors and employees of related entities) as well as relevant 
consultants and contractors retained by the Aspen Group from time 
to time and includes: 
 
spouses, 
 
parents, 
 
children under 18 years, and 
 
Trustees of a trust of which they or their families are 
beneficiaries.  
It applies to trading by any of the above persons. 
 
On their own behalf.  
 
As agent for someone else.  
 
Through third parties, eg nominees, or agents. 
All employees and directors must make sure that their spouses, 
children, parents and trustees are informed of this policy and to take 
reasonable steps to make sure they comply. 
Breach of the insider trading laws attracts personal liability including 
court orders to pay fines or compensation and imprisonment. 
What is “Aspen Group”? 
Means Aspen Group Limited ACN 096 790 33, and all related entities, 
as defined by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cwth). 
Dealing in Securities of 
other companies 
Employment within Aspen Group may lead to access to material 
price sensitive information in other companies. 
The Corporations Act prohibits you from trading in those Securities.  
 
For personal use only
