 
 
Argo Investments Limited 
ACN 007 519 520 
invest@argoinvesments.com.au 
argoinvestments.com.au 
       Head Office 
Level 25,  91 King William St 
Adelaide SA 5000 
08 8210 9500 
Sydney Office 
Level 37, 259 George St 
Sydney NSW 2000 
02 8274 4700 
 
13 December 2024 
 
Company Announcements 
ASX Limited 
20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY NSW 2000 
 
 
 
Updated Securities Trading Policy 
 
Attached is the updated Securities Trading Policy for Argo Investments Limited 
(ASX: ARG). 
 
The Policy has been amended to remove the monthly periods when trading is 
prohibited between each month-end and the date of release to ASX of the month-
end Net Tangible Asset (NTA) backing per share, as the Company now releases 
weekly estimates of NTA per share in addition to the monthly disclosures. 
 
The trading-prohibited periods prior to ASX release of the Company’s half year and 
full year results are retained. 
 
 
 
 
Tim Binks 
Company Secretary
 
For personal use only

1 
 
ARGO INVESTMENTS LIMITED 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
1. Introduction 
 
This Policy applies to personal trading in Argo Investments Limited securities (Argo, ASX code: ARG) 
and also in the securities of other companies, by Directors, executives and employees (Designated 
Persons). 
 
Designated Persons must take all reasonable steps to ensure that their Closely Connected Persons also 
comply with this Policy. 
 
2. Dictionary 
 
Closely Connected Persons means close family members of Designated Persons such as a spouse, 
minor children and any family company or trust that the Designated Person controls or has an 
interest in. 
 
Designated Persons means Non-executive Directors, the Managing Director, executives and 
employees. 
 
Inside Information means information that is not generally available and that, if it were generally 
available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of 
particular securities. 
 
Examples of possible inside information relating to Argo include: 
- 
a material change in profit forecasts 
- 
details of proposed share issues 
- 
borrowing or other financing arrangements 
- 
involvement in material takeovers, acquisitions or asset sales 
- 
significant changes in operations 
 
Severe Financial Difficulty means a pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied 
otherwise than by selling Argo securities. A liability to pay tax would not normally constitute severe 
financial difficulty unless the Designated Person has no other means of satisfying the liability. A 
circumstance will be considered exceptional if the Designated Person is required by a court order 
to transfer or sell Argo securities, or there is some other overriding legal requirement for them to 
do so. 
 
Trade or trading includes not only buying or selling securities, but also extends to subscribing for 
new securities, trading in options or other derivatives over securities, and includes entering an 
agreement to do any of these things. 
 
Other Securities means all ASX-listed securities other than Argo and any unlisted security owned by 
Argo. 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

2 
 
3. Summary of prohibitions from trading in Argo securities 
 
1)  Insider trading 
Designated Persons who are in possession of Inside 
Information must not trade in Argo securities or 
advise, encourage or procure anyone else to do so 
- see Section 4  
2)  Prohibited periods 
Designated Persons must not trade in Argo 
securities during prohibited periods 
- see Section 5  
3)  Other trading prohibitions 
Designated Persons must not enter hedging 
arrangements in relation to unvested Argo 
securities  
- see Section 6  
 
4. Prohibition against insider trading 
 
 
A person in possession of Inside Information must not: 
- 
Trade in Argo securities; 
- 
Advise, procure or encourage another person to trade in Argo securities; or 
- 
Communicate that information to another person if they know, or should know, the other 
person is likely to trade in Argo securities. 
 
 
The prohibition against insider trading is general and applies at all times including the non-prohibited 
periods specified in this Policy. 
 
5. Prohibited periods 
 
Designated Persons are prohibited from trading in Argo securities in the following prohibited periods, 
subject to the exceptional circumstances in Section 8 below: 
Regular closed periods 
From the close of business on the last business day of the Company’s half and full financial year, up to 
and including the day the applicable financial results are announced to the ASX. 
 
Additional prohibited periods 
The Company may from time to time impose additional periods when trading is prohibited, such as: 
- 
When it is considering matters subject to ASX Listing Rule 3.1A, being the exceptions that 
would otherwise require disclosure under the ASX Continuous Disclosure regime, such as 
incomplete negotiations regarding a confidential proposal or transaction; or 
- 
If it has orders in the market for its own securities due to the activation of an on-market 
share buy-back or pursuant to any of the Company’s employee incentive schemes.  
The Company will not be active in the market for its own securities during the above prohibited 
periods. The Company Secretary will advise Designated Persons when an additional prohibited period 
is imposed. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

3 
 
6. Other trading prohibitions 
 
Hedging 
Designated Persons seeking to enter a transaction or arrangement to limit the economic risk of their 
Argo security holding must obtain approval in the same way as if they traded in the underlying 
securities directly. 
The Company prohibits hedging of unvested Argo securities, such as performance rights awarded 
under an executive incentive share scheme. 
 
Security for loan facility 
If a Designated Person wishes to enter an arrangement where Argo securities are held as collateral for 
a loan facility, they must notify by email the approval group comprising the Chairman, Chair of the 
Audit & Risk Committee, Managing Director and Company Secretary, in order that the Board can 
ascertain whether the arrangement is material, and if required, the Company will disclose the key 
terms of the arrangement to the market pursuant to the ASX continuous disclosure requirements. 
 
7. Approval for trading in non-prohibited periods 
During non-prohibited periods, Designated Persons must request and receive approval to trade in 
Argo securities by email from the approval group comprising the Chairman, Managing Director and 
Company Secretary. All approval requests are to be emailed to the entire approval group, with any 
one of the group able to grant approval. 
Approvals to trade will remain valid for five trading days unless withdrawn during that period.  
 
Any trades resulting from approval must be immediately reported by the Designated Person to the 
Company Secretary. 
 
8. Exceptional circumstances 
 
A Designated Person (who is not in possession of Inside Information) may request and be given 
clearance to sell (but not purchase) Argo securities in circumstances otherwise prohibited by this 
Policy, if they are in Severe Financial Difficulty or other exceptional circumstances apply. 
Designated Persons must request approval to trade in exceptional circumstances by email to the 
approval group comprising the Chairman, Chair of Audit & Risk Committee, Managing Director and 
Company Secretary. 
The particulars of the exceptional circumstances must accompany the relevant request. If a trade 
proceeds, the Company may be required to notify the existence of exceptional circumstances to the 
ASX. 
 
Any trades resulting from approval must be immediately reported by the Designated Person to the 
Company Secretary. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

4 
 
9. Trading in securities other than Argo 
General prohibition 
Designated Persons are prohibited from trading in Other Securities if they gain price sensitive 
information by virtue of their position in the Company. They must not cause that information to be 
communicated to another person nor use that information in conflict with the interests of Argo. 
 
No personal trading in Other Securities may be undertaken by a Designated Person at times when the 
Company cannot trade in that security. If required, the Company Secretary will notify Directors by 
email if the Company becomes unable to trade in another company’s securities. 
Approval to trade in Other Securities 
Non-executive Directors 
As Non-executive Directors are not involved in day-to-day portfolio investment decisions, they are not 
required to seek consent prior to undertaking personal trading in Other Securities unless they believe 
there may be a potential conflict with Argo’s securities orders, in which case they must contact the 
Managing Director, Senior Investment Officer or the Company Secretary to ensure no conflicting 
orders exist. 
 
Employees 
Prior to trading in Other Securities, employees must request and receive approval by email from the 
approval group comprising the Managing Director, Senior Investment Officer and Company Secretary. 
All approval requests are to be emailed to the entire approval group, with any one of the group able 
to grant approval. 
 
Approvals to trade will remain valid for five trading days unless approval is withdrawn during that 
period. Approval is not required for securities trading on exchanges outside Australia unless dual-listed 
in Australia. 
 
10. Exclusions 
This Policy does not apply to Designated Persons in the following circumstances: 
Transfers of securities already held by Designated Persons into a superannuation fund or other 
entity in which Designated Persons are a beneficiary 
 
An investment in, or trading in units of, a fund, scheme or other arrangement where the assets of 
the fund or scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party 
 
Where a Designated Person is a trustee, trading in securities by that trust, provided the Designated 
Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decisions to trade during a prohibited period are 
taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers independently of the Designated Person 
 
The acceptance of a takeover offer 
 
Accepting an offer or invitation made to all or some of the security holders, such as a rights issue, a 
share purchase plan, a dividend reinvestment plan, an equal access share buy-back or an employee 
share plan, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer has been approved 
by the Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up or sell the entitlements 
of a renounceable pro-rata issue 
 
For personal use only

5 
 
Bona fide gifts of securities to a Designated Person by a third party or a transfer to a Designated 
Person under the terms of a will 
 
Transactions where the beneficial interest in the relevant securities does not change 
 
Transactions conducted between a Designated Person and their spouse, civil partner, child, step-
child, or other close family member 
 
Disposal of securities by a secured lender under a loan agreement secured by Argo securities or by 
the securities of other companies 
 
Vesting and exercise of an option or right as a result of meeting performance hurdles under a 
Company executive incentive share scheme (but not the sale of shares following the exercise of the 
option or right) 
 
 
11. Consequences of breaching this Policy 
Insider trading is a serious criminal offence and breaches of insider trading law or this Policy will be 
regarded by the Company as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action including 
dismissal. Employees are required to verify their compliance with this Policy annually. 
 
 
 
For personal use only
