 
 
ARAFURA RESOURCES LIMITED 
arafura@arultd.com    www.arultd.com    ABN 22 080 933 455 
PERTH: Level 3 263 Adelaide Tce, Perth WA 6000  |  PO Box 5773, St Georges Terrace, Perth WA 6831  T: +618 6210 7666  F: +618 9221 7966 
DARWIN: 18 Menmuir St, Winnellie NT 0820  |  PO Box 37220, Winnellie NT 0821  T: +618 8947 5588  F: +618 8947 5599 
 
ASX 
 RELEASE 
25 May 2015 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY – ASX LISTING            
RULE 12.10 
 
 
 
 
Arafura Resources Limited provides its updated Securities Trading Policy as attached. 
 
                                                           
 
 
For further information contact:  
 
 
Peter Sherrington 
 
 
 
 
 
CFO & Company Secretary  
 
 
 
 
 
T: +61 8 6210 7666  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AN EMERGING 
AN EMERGING 
RARE EARTHS 
RARE EARTHS 
PRODUCER 
PRODUCER  
FOR USERS 
WORLDWIDE 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
Arafura Resources Limited ACN 080 933 455 (Company) 
1 
Purpose 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
 
assist those persons covered by the policy to comply with their obligations under the insider trading 
provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act); 
 
aim to ensure that the reputation of the Company and its subsidiaries (Group) is not adversely 
impacted by perceptions of trading in the Company’s securities at certain times, and to ensure a proper 
market for the Company’s securities is maintained that supports shareholder and investor confidence;  
 
establish a procedure for trading in the Company’s securities by persons covered by the policy including 
setting out: the periods when trading is prohibited; the restrictions on trading; the exceptional 
circumstances when trading may be permitted during a prohibited period with prior written clearance; 
the procedure to obtain written clearance to trade, including during a prohibited period; and the 
trading that is excluded from the policy; and 
 
comply with the ASX Listing Rules.   
This policy is for the protection of the Company and each of the persons covered by the policy.  If you do not 
understand any part of this policy, or the summary of the law relating to insider trading, or how it applies to 
you, you should contact the Company Secretary before trading in any securities covered by this policy.  
Ultimately it is your responsibility to make sure that none of your trading constitutes insider trading.   
2 
Who does this policy apply to? 
This policy applies to Restricted Persons.  A Restricted Person is a person who is: 
(a) 
a person having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the 
Company, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of the Company 
(Key Management Personnel);  
(b) 
an employee of the Group (Employees); 
(c) 
a contractor of the Group nominated by the Board from time to time as a contractor to whom this 
Policy applies (Contractors); 
(d) 
a Connected Person of Key Management Personnel, Employees and Contractors. 
A Connected Person means a spouse or partner, child or step-child under 18 years, a parent, an unlisted body 
corporate which the Key Management Personnel, or Employee or Contractor controls or is director of, a trust 
of which the Key Management Personnel, or Employee or Contractor is a trustee and of which he or she or any 
of the persons referred to above is a beneficiary or any other person over whom the Key Management 
Personnel, or Employee or Contractor has significant influence or control.  Where this policy requires a 
Restricted Person to do an act or thing, the relevant Restricted Person must do that act or thing in respect of 
the Connected Person.  
For personal use only

 
 
 
3 
What securities are covered by this policy? 
This policy applies to trading in all securities issued by the Company, and includes the following types of securities: 
(a) 
shares, share acquisition rights and options; 
(b) 
debentures (including bonds and notes); 
(c) 
derivatives of any of the above (including equity swaps, futures, hedges and exchange-traded or over-the-
counter options) whether settled by cash or otherwise,  
(Company Securities).  
The insider trading provisions in the Corporations Act also apply to the securities of other companies and entities if 
you have inside information about that company or entity.  These other companies and entities may include 
suppliers or customers of the Group; joint venture partners; or companies that the Company or another member 
of the Group has entered (or is planning to enter) into a transaction with, for example a takeover or asset sale.   
To “trade” in securities means, whether as principal or agent, to apply for, acquire or dispose of securities; enter 
into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of securities.  To “trade” includes the exercise of an option or 
the conversion of a share acquisition right.   
4 
Insider trading prohibition 
4.1 
What is Inside Information? 
Inside Information is information that: (a) is not generally available; and (b) if it were generally available, a 
reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of the securities.   
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price or value of 
securities if (and only if) the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly acquire 
securities in deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of those securities.  In other words, the information 
must be shown to be material to the investment decision of a reasonable hypothetical investor in the securities.   
It does not matter how you come to know the Inside Information.  For the purpose of the insider trading 
provisions of the Corporations Act, “information” is given a wide meaning and includes matters of supposition and 
other matters that are insufficiently definite to warrant being made known to the public and matters relating to 
the intentions, or the likely intentions of a person.   
Examples of information which, if made available to the market, may depending on the circumstances be likely to 
have a material effect on the price of Company Securities are set out in the Appendix.   
4.2 
When is information generally available? 
Information is generally available if: 
(a) 
it consists of ‘readily observable matter’; 
(b) 
it has been made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, bring it to the attention of persons 
who commonly invest in securities of a kind whose price or value might be affected by the information and 
since it was made known, a reasonable period for it to be disseminated among such persons has elapsed; or  
(c) 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information of the kind referred to 
in (a) or (b) above.   
For personal use only

 
 
 
4.3 
Prohibited conduct 
In summary, the Corporations Act prohibits three types of conduct relating to Inside Information: 
 
the direct or indirect acquisition or disposal of securities using Inside Information; 
 
the procurement of another person to acquire or dispose of securities using Inside Information; and  
 
communication of Inside Information to another person for the purpose of the other person acquiring or 
disposing of securities. 
You must not, whether in your own capacity or as an agent for another, apply for, acquire or dispose of, or enter 
into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of, any securities, or procure another person to do so if you: 
(a) 
possess Inside Information; and  
(b) 
know or ought reasonably to know, that: 
(i) 
the information is not generally available; and 
(ii) 
if it were generally available, it might have a material effect on the price or value of the securities or 
influence a person's decision to buy or sell the securities.    
Further, you must not either directly or indirectly pass on this kind of information to another person if they know, 
or ought reasonably to know, that this other person is likely to apply for, acquire or dispose of the securities or 
procure another person to do so.   
4.4 
Consequences of insider trading 
Engaging in “insider trading” (as summarised in section 4.3), can subject you to criminal liability, including 
substantial monetary fines and/or imprisonment.  You may also be subject to civil liability, which may include 
being sued by another party or the Company, for any loss suffered as a result of insider trading.  Insider trading is 
prohibited at all times. 
5 
Blackout periods 
In addition to the prohibitions on insider trading set out in the Corporations Act, Restricted Persons must not trade 
in Company Securities during the periods between the end of each quarter and 24 hours immediately following 
the release of the Company's quarterly report (Blackout Periods), unless the circumstances are exceptional and 
the procedure for prior written clearance described in section 7 has been met. 
In addition to the prohibitions on insider trading set out in the Corporations Act, Restricted Persons must not trade 
in Company Securities within any period imposed by the Board from time to time, for example because the 
Company is considering matters that would require disclosure to the market but for Listing Rule 3.1A (Additional 
Period), unless the circumstances are exceptional and the procedure for prior written clearance described in 
section 7 has been met.  This prohibition is in addition to the Blackout Periods. The Blackout Periods and the 
Additional Period are together referred to as a Prohibited Period in this policy.  Restricted Persons must not 
disclose to anyone that an Additional Period is in effect.   
Please note that even if it is outside a Prohibited Period, Restricted Persons must not trade in the Company's 
Securities if they are in possession of Inside Information.   
For personal use only

 
 
 
6 
Exceptional circumstances when trading may be permitted subject to prior 
written clearance 
A Restricted Person, who is not in possession of Inside Information, may be given prior written clearance to trade 
in Company Securities during a Prohibited Period in accordance with the procedure described in section 7, in the 
following exceptional circumstances: 
(a) 
where the person is in severe financial hardship; or  
(b) 
where there are other circumstances deemed to be exceptional by the person granting the prior written 
clearance.   
The determination of whether a person is in severe financial hardship or whether there are other exceptional 
circumstances can only be made by the relevant Approving Officer in accordance with the procedure for obtaining 
clearance prior to trading set out in section 7.  A person may be in severe financial hardship if he or she has a 
pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling the relevant Company Securities.  
A tax liability would not normally constitute severe financial hardship unless the person has no other means of 
satisfying the liability.  A circumstance may be considered exceptional if the person in question is required by a 
court order or a court enforceable undertaking to transfer or sell, or accept a transfer of, the Company Securities 
or there is some other overriding legal or regulatory requirement for him or her to do so.   
7 
Procedure for obtaining written clearance prior to trading 
Restricted Persons must not trade in Company Securities at any time, including in the exceptional circumstances 
referred to in section 6, unless the Restricted Person first obtains prior written clearance from: 
(a) 
in the case of employees, the Managing Director or in his absence, the Company Secretary; 
(b) 
in the case of a director or officer, the Chair or in his absence, the Managing Director; 
(c) 
in case of the Managing Director, the Chair or, in his absence, the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee; or 
(d) 
in the case of the Chair, the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee, 
(each, an Approving Officer). 
A request for prior written clearance under this policy should be made in writing using the form attached to this 
policy entitled 'Request for Prior Written Clearance to Trade in Company Securities' and given to the Approving 
Officer.  The request may be submitted in person, by mail, by email or by facsimile. 
Any written clearance granted under this policy will be valid for the period of 5 business days from the time which 
it is given or such other period as may be determined by the Approving Officer.  The expiry time of the clearance 
will be stated in the clearance granted.  Written clearance under this policy may be given in person, by mail, by 
email or by facsimile.   
8 
What trading is not subject to this policy? 
The following trading by Restricted Persons is excluded from the restrictions outlined in section 5, but is subject to 
the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act summarised in section 4 of this policy:  
(a) 
transfers of Company Securities between a Restricted Person and their spouse, civil partner, child, step-
child, family company, family trust or other close family member or of Company Securities already held into 
a superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which the Restricted Person is a beneficiary;  
For personal use only

 
 
 
(b) 
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only investing in 
Company Securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third 
party; 
(c) 
where a Restricted Person is a trustee, trading in the Company Securities by that trust provided that the 
Restricted Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a Prohibited Period is 
taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers independently of the Restricted Person; 
(d) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
(e) 
a disposal of Company Securities arising from a scheme of arrangement; 
(f) 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders such as, a rights issue, a 
security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an equal access buy-back, where 
the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer has been approved by the Board.  This 
includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements 
required to provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
(g) 
a disposal of Company Securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, for example, 
under a margin lending arrangement.  Please note section 11 of this policy; Restricted Persons must not 
enter into margin loan agreements or other secured lending arrangements in relation to Company 
Securities without first obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate Approving Officer in 
accordance with the procedure set out in section 7; 
(h) 
trading under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior written clearance has been provided in 
accordance with procedures set out in this Policy and where: (a) the Restricted Person did not enter into 
the plan or amend the plan during a Prohibited Period; and (b) the trading plan does not permit the 
Restricted Person to exercise any influence or discretion over how, when, or whether to trade; 
(i) 
an acquisition, or agreement to acquire, Company Securities under an employee incentive scheme;  
(j) 
the exercise or automatic conversion of Company Securities giving a right to conversion to shares, issued 
under an employee incentive scheme that complies with ASIC Class Order 03/184 or 14/1000 (but not the 
sale of Company Securities following exercise or conversion).  
9 
Long term trading 
The Company wishes to encourage Restricted Persons to adopt a long term attitude to investment in Company 
Securities.  Therefore, Restricted Persons must not engage in short term or speculative trading of Company 
Securities.   
10 Hedging transactions 
Restricted Persons must not enter into transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the economic risk of 
their security holding in the Company without first obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate 
Approving Officer in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7. 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from entering into transactions or arrangements which limit the economic risk 
of participating in unvested entitlements under any equity based remuneration schemes. 
11 Margin loans and other secured lending 
Restricted Persons must not enter into margin loan agreements or other secured lending arrangements in relation 
to Company Securities without first obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate Approving Officer in 
accordance with the procedure set out in section 7.  
For personal use only

 
 
 
12 Non-discretionary trading plans 
Restricted Persons must not put in place a non-discretionary trading plan in respect of Company Securities without 
first obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate Approving Officer in accordance with the procedure 
set out in section 7.  Restricted Persons must not cancel any such trading plan during a Prohibited Period, unless 
the circumstances are exceptional and the procedure for prior written clearance set out in section 7 has been met.  
13 Director notification requirements 
Directors have agreed with the Company to provide details of changes in Company Securities they hold (directly or 
indirectly) to the Company Secretary as soon as reasonably possible to enable the Company to comply with its 
obligations under the ASX Listing Rules.   
Directors are referred to the Company's Director's Disclosure Obligations document and Director's Declaration of 
Interest Form.  Directors are reminded that it is their obligation under section 205G of the Corporations Act to 
notify the market operator within 14 days after any change in a director's interest if the Company has failed to do 
so. 
14 Register of clearances 
The Company Secretary must maintain a register of clearances given in relation to trading in Company Securities.   
The Company Secretary must report all notifications of trading in, and clearances given, in relation to trading in 
Company Securities to the next Board meeting of the Company. 
15 Consequences of breach 
Breach of the insider trading prohibition could expose you to criminal and civil liability.  Breach of this policy 
(irrespective of whether the insider trading prohibition or any other law is breached) will also be regarded by the 
Group as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action and/or dismissal. 
This policy does not contain an exhaustive analysis of the restrictions imposed on, and the very serious legal 
ramifications of, insider trading.  Restricted Persons who wish to obtain further advice in this matter, are 
encouraged to contact the Company Secretary. 
16 ASX Listing Rule requirements 
It is a requirement for admission to the official list of ASX, and an on-going requirement for listing, that the 
Company has a securities trading policy. 
The Company will give a copy of this policy to ASX for release to the market.  The Company will also give any 
amended version of this policy to ASX when it makes a change to: the periods within which Restricted Persons are 
prohibited from trading in Company Securities; the trading that is excluded from the operation of the policy; or 
the exceptional circumstances in which Restricted Persons may be permitted to trade during a Prohibited Period, 
within five business days of the amendments taking effect.  The Company will also give this policy to ASX 
immediately on request by ASX. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Appendix 
Examples of information which, if made available to the market, may depending on the circumstances be likely to 
have a material effect on the price or value of Company Securities include, but are not limited to: 
(a) 
a transaction that will lead to a significant change in the nature or scale of the Company’s activities; 
(b) 
a material mineral or hydrocarbon discovery; 
(c) 
a material acquisition or disposal; 
(d) 
the granting or withdrawal of a material licence; 
(e) 
becoming a plaintiff or defendant in a material law suit; 
(f) 
the fact that the Company’s earnings will be materially different from market expectations; 
(g) 
the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or receiver; 
(h) 
the commission of an event of default under, or other event entitling a financier to terminate, a material 
financing facility; 
(i) 
under subscriptions or over subscriptions to an issue of securities; 
(j) 
giving or receiving a notice of intention to make a takeover; 
(k) 
any rating applied by a rating agency to the Company or its securities and any change to such a rating; 
(l) 
any actual or proposed change to the Company’s capital structure for example, a share issue; 
(m) 
exploration results; 
(n) 
drilling results; or  
(o) 
a significant change to or event affecting the availability of the Company's debt facilities. 
 
For personal use only
