 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Golden Rim Resources Ltd I ABN 39 006 710 774 I Office 7, Level 2, 609 Canterbury Road, Surrey Hills, VIC 3127, Australia  
www.goldenrim.com.au I info@goldenrim.com.au I T + 61 3 9836 4146 
 
 
ASX/Media Announcement 
13 July 2020 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
Golden Rim Resources Ltd (ASX: GMR) provides an updated Securities Trading Policy to the ASX.  
 
 
 
-ENDS- 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
Golden Rim Resources  
 
 
 
 
Craig Mackay  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Managing Director  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Golden Rim Resources 
 
 
 
 
 
 
+61 3 9836 4146 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
craig@goldenrim.com.au     
 
This announcement was authorised by the Company Secretary of Golden Rim Resources Ltd. 
 
About Golden Rim Resources 
 
West African gold explorer, Golden Rim Resources Limited (ASX: GMR), is focused on the discovery and 
development of gold projects in West Africa. 
With a decade of experience working in Burkina Faso, the Company is well placed to turn discoveries into real 
value for shareholders. 
The Kouri Gold Project, located in north-east Burkina Faso, contains over 1.4Moz in defined Mineral 
Resources, with significant upside potential to grow. 
Kouri is traversed by a significant NE-trending fault splay that is connected to the major Markoye Fault system. 
This fault system controls a number of major gold deposits in Burkina Faso, including Kiaka (5.9 Moz gold), 
Bomboré (5.2 Moz gold), Essakane (7 Moz gold) and Sanbrado (2.8 Moz gold). The mineralised fault system 
extends into western Niger where the 2.5 Moz Samira Hill is located. 
For more information: www.goldenrim.com.au  
 
ASX Code: GMR 
Market Capitalisation: A$19.13m 
Issued Shares: 1,472m 
For personal use only

 
 
1
 
Securities Trading Policy 
1 
Applicability 
In this policy a reference to the Company is a reference to Golden Rim Resources Ltd ABN 39 
006 710 774. A reference to the Group is a reference to the Company and its child entities. 
This policy applies to Restricted Persons (you).  A Restricted Person is: 
(a) 
a person having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the 
activities of the Company, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive 
or otherwise) of the Company (Key Management Personnel);  
(b) 
an employee of the Group (Employee); 
(c) 
a contractor of the Group nominated by the Board from time to time as a contractor to 
whom this policy applies (Contractors);  
(d) 
a Connected Person of a person referred to in paragraph (a), (b) or (c). 
A Connected Person means your spouse or partner, child or step-child under 18 years, a parent, 
an unlisted body corporate which you are a director of, a trust of which you are a trustee and of 
which you or any of the persons referred to above is a beneficiary or any other person over whom 
you have significant influence or control. You must take all reasonable steps to procure that your 
Connected Persons comply with this policy.  
All Restricted Persons will be given access to this policy via the Company's website. Training or 
awareness sessions on this policy will be held from time to time, as required. 
1 
Purpose 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
(a) 
assist you to comply with your obligations under the insider trading provisions of the 
Corporations Act (2001) (Cth) (Corporations Act); 
(b) 
protect the Company's reputation; 
(c) 
establish a procedure for trading in the Company’s securities;  
(d) 
comply with the requirements of the Listing Rules of the Australian Securities Exchange 
(ASX).  
If you do not understand any part of this policy, you should contact the Company Secretary.  It is 
your responsibility to make sure that none of your trading breaches the law or this policy. 
2 
Securities and trading 
This policy applies to Securities.  Securities are securities issued by the Company and include 
shares, share acquisition rights, options, debentures (including bonds and notes) and derivatives 
of any of the aforementioned.   
To “trade” in Securities means, whether as principal or agent, to apply for, acquire, or dispose of 
Securities, or to enter into an agreement to apply, for, acquire, or dispose of Securities or procure 
another person to do so.  To “trade” includes the exercise of an option, or the conversion of a 
share acquisition right. 
For personal use only

 
 
2
 
 
3 
Insider trading is prohibited at all times 
A summary of the insider trading prohibition is set out in the Appendix to this policy.  Engaging in 
insider trading can subject you to civil and/or criminal liability. 
If you have Inside Information (as defined in the Appendix to this policy) you must not trade in 
Securities.  Insider trading is prohibited at all times. 
The insider trading provisions in the Corporations Act also apply to the securities of other 
companies and entities if you have inside information about that company or entity. These other 
companies and entities may include suppliers or customers of the Company or companies that 
the Company has entered (or is planning to enter) into a transaction with, for example a takeover 
or asset sale. 
4 
Blackout period 
You must not trade in Securities during the two weeks prior to the release to ASX of the 
Company's quarterly reports for each of the March, June, September and December quarters and 
for a period of 24 hours immediately following the release of the Company's quarterly report for 
those financial quarters (Blackout Periods), unless the circumstances are exceptional and the 
procedure for prior written clearance described in section 7 has been met. 
In addition to the Blackout Periods, the Board may from time to time declare additional periods 
during which you are prohibited from trading in Securities (for example because the Company is 
considering matters that would require disclosure to the market but for Listing Rule 3.1A) 
(Additional Period), unless the circumstances are exceptional and the procedure for prior written 
clearance described in section 7 has been met.  This prohibition is in addition to the Blackout 
Periods. The Blackout Periods and the Additional Period are together referred to as a Prohibited 
Period in this policy.  You must not disclose to anyone that an Additional Period is in effect.   
Please note that even if it is outside a Prohibited Period, you must not trade in Securities if you 
are in possession of Inside Information.   
5 
Exceptional circumstances 
If you are not in possession of Inside Information, you may request prior written clearance to 
trade in Securities during a Prohibited Period in accordance with the procedure set out in 
section 7 in the following exceptional circumstances: 
(a) 
where you are in severe financial hardship; or  
(b) 
where there are other circumstances deemed to be exceptional by the person granting 
the prior written clearance.   
The determination of whether you are in severe financial hardship or whether there are other 
exceptional circumstances can only be made by the relevant Approving Officer in accordance 
with the procedure for obtaining clearance set out in section 7.  You may be in severe financial 
hardship if you have a pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by 
selling the relevant Securities.1 A circumstance may be considered exceptional if you are required 
by a court order or a court enforceable undertaking to transfer or sell, or accept a transfer of, 
Securities or there is some other overriding legal or regulatory requirement for you to do so.  
 
 
1 A tax liability would not normally constitute severe financial hardship unless you have no other means of satisfying the liability.   
For personal use only

 
 
3
 
Ultimately, it is a decision to be made by the relevant Approving Officer, in their sole and absolute 
discretion.   
6 
Prior written clearance 
You must not trade in Securities at any time (including in the exceptional circumstances referred 
to in section 6) unless you first obtain prior written clearance from:  
 
Your role 
Approving 
Officer 
Approving Officer alternate 
Restricted Person 
other than the Chair 
Chair 
Managing Director and in the case of the Managing 
Director, Kathryn Davies 
Chair 
Board 
n/a 
A request for prior written clearance to trade must be made in writing using the specified form and 
given to the relevant Approving Officer (or Approving Officer alternate).  The request may be 
submitted in person or by mail or email.  
Any written clearance may be given in person or by mail or email and will be valid for the period 
determined by the Approving Officer, which period will usually be 5 business days from the date 
that the clearance is given.   
The Company Secretary will maintain a register of clearances given in accordance with this 
section 7, and must report all clearances given to the Board at its next following meeting. 
7 
Trading not subject to this policy 
The following trading is excluded from the restrictions outlined in section 5, but remains subject to 
the insider trading prohibition summarised in the Appendix to this policy: 
(a) 
transfers of Securities between a Restricted Person and their spouse, civil partner, child, 
step-child, family company, family trust or other close family member or of Securities 
already held in a superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which the Restricted 
Person is a beneficiary; 
(b) 
acceptance of a takeover offer or participation in a scheme of arrangement; 
(c) 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders such as, a 
rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an 
equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the 
offer has been approved by the Board.  This includes decisions relating to whether or not 
to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up 
of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
(d) 
the exercise or automatic conversion of options or other convertible rights issued under 
an employee incentive scheme (but not the disposal of the underlying share following 
exercise or conversion); 
(e) 
an acquisition, or agreement to acquire, or grants, allocations or vesting of shares, rights 
or awards under an employee incentive scheme (including the Company's Director and 
Employee Remuneration Plan) (but not the disposal of the underlying share following 
exercise or conversion); 
(f) 
an issue of Securities to a director, which has been approved by shareholders;  
(g) 
a disposal of Securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, for 
example, under a margin lending arrangement;  
For personal use only

 
 
4
 
(h) 
where a Restricted Person is a trustee, trading in the Securities by that trust provided that 
the Restricted Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a 
Prohibited Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers 
independently of the Restricted Person; or 
(i) 
trading under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior written clearance has been 
provided in accordance with procedures set out in this Policy and where: (i) the Restricted 
Person did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a Prohibited Period; and (ii) 
the trading plan does not permit the Restricted Person to exercise any influence or 
discretion over how, when, or whether to trade. 
8 
Restricted transactions 
8.1 
Hedging transactions 
Before entering into any transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the economic risk of 
your security holding in the Company you must first obtain prior written clearance from the 
appropriate Approving Officer in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7. 
You are prohibited from entering into transactions or arrangements which limit the economic risk 
of participating in unvested entitlements under any equity based remuneration schemes. 
8.2 
Margin loans 
You must not enter into margin loan agreements or other secured lending arrangements in 
relation to Securities without first obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate Approving 
Officer in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7. 
8.3 
Non-discretionary trading plans 
You must not put in place a non-discretionary trading plan in respect of Securities without first 
obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate Approving Officer in accordance with the 
procedure set out in section 7.  You must not cancel any such trading plan during a Prohibited 
Period, unless the circumstances are exceptional and the procedure for prior written clearance 
set out in section 7 has been met. 
9 
Consequences of breach 
Breach of the insider trading prohibition could expose you to criminal and civil liability.   
Breach of this policy (irrespective of whether the insider trading prohibition or any other law is 
breached) will also be regarded by the Company as serious misconduct which may lead to 
disciplinary action and/or dismissal. 
This policy does not contain an exhaustive analysis of the restrictions imposed on, and the very 
serious legal ramifications of, insider trading.  Restricted Persons who wish to obtain further 
information are encouraged to contact the Company Secretary. 
10 
ASX notification 
The Company will give a copy of this policy to ASX for release to the market.  The Company will 
also give any amended version of this policy to ASX when it makes a change to: the periods 
within which Restricted Persons are prohibited from trading in Securities; the trading that is 
excluded from the operation of the policy; or the exceptional circumstances in which Restricted 
Persons may be permitted to trade during a Prohibited Period within five business days of the 
amendments taking effect.  The Company will also give this policy to ASX immediately on request 
by ASX. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
5
 
Appendix – Insider trading prohibition 
1.1 
What is Inside Information? 
Inside Information is information that: (a) is not generally available; and (b) if it were generally 
available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of 
the securities. 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price 
or value of securities if (and only if) the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons 
who commonly acquire securities in deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of those 
securities.  In other words, the information must be shown to be material to the investment 
decision of a reasonable hypothetical investor in the securities. 
It does not matter how you come to know the Inside Information.  For the purpose of the insider 
trading provisions of the Corporations Act, “information” is given a wide meaning and includes 
matters of supposition and other matters that are insufficiently definite to warrant being made 
known to the public and matters relating to the intentions, or the likely intentions of a person. 
Examples of information which, if made available to the market, may depending on the 
circumstances be likely to have a material effect on the price of Securities are: 
(a) 
a material mineral or hydrocarbon discovery; 
(b) 
drilling results; 
(c) 
exploration results; 
(d) 
a transaction that will lead to a significant change in the nature or scale of the Company’s 
activities; 
(e) 
a material acquisition or disposal; 
(f) 
the granting or withdrawal of a material licence; 
(g) 
becoming a plaintiff or defendant in a material lawsuit; 
(h) 
the fact that the Company’s earnings will be materially different from market expectations; 
(i) 
the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or receiver; 
(j) 
the commission of an event of default under, or other event entitling a financier to 
terminate, a material financing facility; 
(k) 
under subscriptions or over subscriptions to an issue of securities; 
(l) 
giving or receiving a notice of intention to make a takeover; 
(m) 
any rating applied by a rating agency to the Company or its securities and any change to 
such a rating; 
(n) 
any actual or proposed change to the Company’s capital structure for example, a share 
issue.  
1.2 
When is information generally available? 
Information is generally available if: 
 
it consists of ‘readily observable matter’; 
 
it has been made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, bring it to the 
attention of persons who commonly invest in securities of a kind whose price or value 
might be affected by the information and since it was made known, a reasonable period 
for it to be disseminated among such persons has elapsed; or  
 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information of 
the kind referred to in (a) or (b) above.   
For personal use only

 
 
6
 
1.3 
Prohibited conduct 
In summary, the Corporations Act prohibits three types of conduct relating to Inside Information: 
• 
the direct or indirect acquisition or disposal of securities using Inside Information; 
• 
the procurement of another person to acquire or dispose of securities using Inside 
Information; and 
• 
communication of Inside Information to another person for the purpose of the other 
person acquiring or disposing of securities. 
You must not, whether in your own capacity or as an agent for another, apply for, acquire or 
dispose of, or enter into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of, any securities, or 
procure another person to do so if you: 
 
possess Inside Information; and  
 
know or ought reasonably to know, that: 
(i) 
the information is not generally available; and 
(ii) 
if it were generally available, it might have a material effect on the price or value 
of the securities or influence a person's decision to buy or sell the securities.    
You also must not either directly or indirectly pass on this kind of information to another person if 
they know, or ought reasonably to know, that this other person is likely to apply for, acquire or 
dispose of the securities or procure another person to do so.   
 
For personal use only
