 
 
Autosports Group Limited 
A.C.N. 614 505 261 
All Correspondence 
P.O Box 635 
Five Dock NSW 2046 
Telephone: (02) 9509 0662 
Facsimile: (02) 9509 0668 
Website: autosportsgroup.com.au 
 
 
 
 
25 June 2025 
 
ASX Announcement 
 
Revised Securities Dealing Policy 
Autosports Group Limited (ASX: ASG) has revised its Securities Dealing Policy with effect from 23 June 2025.  
The revised Securities Dealing Policy is attached in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10. 
A copy of the Securities Trading Policy is also available in the Investors section of Autosports Group’s website 
at: https://investors.autosportsgroup.com.au/investors/?page=corporate-governance.  
ENDS 
For further information, please contact: 
Nick Pagent 
Caroline Gatenby 
Chief Executive Officer 
General Counsel and Company Secretary 
(02) 8753 2888 
(02) 8753 2888 
investor@autosportsgroup.com.au 
investor@autosportsgroup.com.au 
 
This announcement is authorised for release by the Board of Directors of Autosports Group Limited.  
For personal use only

 
Page 1 of 5 
Securities Dealing Policy 
1 
Purpose 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
• 
ensure that public confidence is maintained in the reputation of Autosports Group Limited (the 
Company) and its related bodies corporate (together, the Group), the directors and employees of the 
Group and in the trading of the Company’s securities; 
• 
explain the Company’s policy and procedures for the buying and selling of securities to assist the 
Group’s directors and employees; and 
• 
recognise that some types of dealing in securities are prohibited by law. 
The Company will take a substance over form approach and will have regard to the intent and spirit of this 
Policy when applying and enforcing it. 
2 
Who must comply with this Policy? 
This Policy applies to all directors of the Company (Directors) and employees of the Group (each an 
Autosports Group Person and collectively Autosports Group Personnel). 
Certain aspects of this Policy apply only to Restricted Persons who, for the purposes of this Policy, are: 
• 
Directors; 
• 
other key management personnel of the Company (KMP);  
• 
direct reports of the CEO (Executive Team); 
• 
direct reports of members of the Executive Team; and 
• 
other persons who regularly possess inside information and who have been advised in writing by the 
Company Secretary that they are subject to special restrictions under this Policy (Nominated 
Employees). 
Restricted Persons must also take steps in relation to dealings by their “Connected Persons”. See section 
4.7 for further information. 
3 
Restrictions applying to all Autosports Group Personnel 
3.1 
Insider trading 
What is Inside Information? 
Inside Information is information that: 
• 
is not generally available to the market; and 
• 
if it were generally available to the market, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material 
effect (upwards or downwards) on the price or value of a security. 
Inside Information may include matters of supposition, matters that are not yet certain and matters relating 
to a person’s intentions. 
Examples could include information relating to financial performance (eg sales or profit of the Company), a 
material acquisition (eg the purchase of a group of dealerships) or a material claim or unexpected liability. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 2 of 5 
Prohibition on insider trading 
Broadly speaking, the Corporations Act provides that a person who has Inside Information about a 
company must not: 
(a) 
buy or sell securities in a company, or enter in an agreement to buy or sell securities, or exercise 
options over securities, or otherwise apply for, acquire or dispose of securities (deal); 
(b) 
encourage someone else to deal in securities in that company; or 
(c) 
directly or indirectly provide that information to another person where they know, or ought to know, 
that that person is likely to deal in securities or encourage someone else to deal in securities of that 
company (tipping). 
These restrictions apply to all securities, not just the Company’s securities. 
3.2 
No dealing while in possession of Inside Information 
Autosports Group Personnel must not deal in the Company’s securities if: 
• 
they are aware of Inside Information in relation to the Company; or 
• 
the Company has notified Autosports Group Personnel that they must not deal in securities (either for 
a specified period, or until the Company gives further notice). 
3.3 
The Front Page Test 
It is important that public confidence in the Group is maintained. It would be damaging to the Group’s 
reputation if the market or the general public perceived that Autosports Group Personnel might be taking 
advantage of their position in the Group to make financial gains (by dealing in securities on the basis of 
Inside Information). 
As a guiding principle, Autosports Group Personnel should ask themselves: 
If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to be taking advantage of my 
position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the transaction were reported on the front page of the 
newspaper? (The Front Page Test) 
If the Autosports Group Person is unsure, they should consult the Company Secretary. 
Where any approval is required for a dealing under this Policy, approval will not be granted where the 
dealing would not satisfy the Front Page Test. 
3.4 
No short-term or speculative dealing 
Autosports Group Personnel must not deal in the Company’s securities on a speculative or short-term 
trading basis. Short-term trading includes buying and selling securities on market within a 3 month period, 
and entering into other short term dealings (for example, forward contracts). 
Selling shares received following the vesting of entitlements under an employee, executive or director 
equity plan within 3 months of the vesting date is not a short-term dealing. 
3.5 
Hedging of Company securities 
Hedging includes entering into any arrangements that operate to limit the economic risk associated with 
holding the Company’s securities. 
Company securities acquired under an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by the 
Company must never be hedged prior to vesting. 
Company securities must never be hedged while they are subject to a holding lock or restriction on dealing 
under the terms of an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by the Company. 
For personal use only

 
Page 3 of 5 
3.6 
Dealing in other companies’ securities 
Autosports Group Personnel may come into possession of Inside Information regarding another company 
where they are directly involved in client relationship management or negotiating contracts. For example, 
where a person is aware that the Company or Group is about to sign a major agreement with another 
company. 
Autosports Group Personnel must not deal in the securities in another company if they are aware of Inside 
Information in relation to that company, no matter how they came into possession of the Inside Information. 
If you are in any doubt, consult with the Company Secretary. 
4 
Additional restrictions applying to Restricted Persons 
4.1 
No dealing in blackout periods 
Restricted Persons must not deal in Company securities during any of the following blackout periods: 
• 
the period from the close of trading on the ASX on 30 June each year until 9am on the day following 
the announcement to ASX of the full-year results; 
• 
the period from the close of trading on the ASX on 31 December each year until 9am on the day 
following the announcement to ASX of the half-year results; 
• 
the period from close of trading on the ASX on the date that is four weeks prior to the Company’s 
Annual General Meeting until 9am on the day following the Company’s Annual General Meeting; and 
• 
any other period that the Board specifies from time to time. 
4.2 
Exceptional circumstances 
If a Restricted Person needs to deal in securities during a blackout period due to exceptional circumstances 
and is not in possession of any Inside Information, then, they may apply for clearance to deal. Exceptional 
circumstances are likely to include severe financial hardship or compulsion by court order. 
Approval to deal will only be granted if the Restricted Person’s application is accompanied by sufficient 
evidence (in the opinion of the person providing clearance) that the dealing is the most reasonable course 
of action available in the circumstances. 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing cleared under this section 4.2 must comply with the 
other sections of this Policy (to the extent applicable). 
4.3 
Clearance required for dealing outside blackout periods 
(a) During any period that is not a trading blackout period under section 4.1, Restricted Persons must, 
prior to any proposed dealing, seek clearance in writing for the proposed dealing in the Company’s 
securities. 
(b) There are certain times during the year when approval under this Policy is more likely to be granted. 
These are the 4 week periods immediately following: 
(1) 
the day after release of the Company’s full-year results;  
(2) 
the day after release of the Company’s half-year results; and 
(3) 
the day after the Company’s Annual General Meeting, 
(each a Trading Window and collectively Trading Windows). 
Restricted Persons who wish to seek approval to trade under this Policy are encouraged to do so during 
these Trading Windows. Trading at any time (even if clearance has been obtained under this Policy) 
remains subject to the insider trading prohibition in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act). 
For personal use only

 
Page 4 of 5 
4.4 
Written request process 
(a) 
Requests for clearance to deal under 4.2 or 4.3 should be submitted to the Company Secretary, who 
will forward it to: 
(1) 
the CEO (in the case of Nominated Employees, KMP or Executive Team); 
(2) 
the Chair of the Board (in the case of the CEO or other Directors); 
(3) 
the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee (in the case of the Chair of the Board). 
(b) 
A request for clearance to deal must: 
(1) 
be made in writing; 
(2) 
specify the number of the Company securities to be bought, sold or transferred; and 
(3) 
be accompanied by confirmation that the Autosports Group Person (and, where relevant, their 
Connected Person) is not in possession of any Inside Information. 
(c) 
A request for clearance to deal will be answered as soon as practicable. The approver, having 
consulted with members of Management as appropriate, may: 
(1) 
grant or refuse the request; or 
(2) 
impose conditions on the dealing in their discretion. 
(d) 
The approver is not obliged to provide reasons for any aspect of their decision, and may revoke their 
approval at any time. If a request is not approved or an approval is revoked, that fact must be kept 
confidential. 
(e) 
Following receipt of clearance to deal, the cleared dealing must occur within 5 business days 
following clearance (or such other time specified in the clearance), otherwise the clearance is no 
longer effective and fresh clearance must be sought. 
(f) 
Clearance under this Policy is not an endorsement of the dealing.  Autosports Group Personnel are 
responsible for their own compliance with the law. 
4.5 
Margin lending arrangements 
(a) 
Restricted Persons must not under any circumstances: 
(1) 
enter into a margin lending arrangement in respect of the Company’s securities; or 
(2) 
transfer securities in the Company into an existing margin loan account. 
4.6 
Directors – confirmation of trade required 
Following any trade, Directors must promptly notify the Company Secretary, ideally by close of business on 
the day the trade is entered into. This is to assist the Company to comply with its disclosure obligations 
under the ASX Listing Rules. 
4.7 
Connected Persons 
Restricted Persons must take appropriate steps to ensure that their “Connected Persons” only deal in 
securities in circumstances where the Restricted Person to whom they are connected would be permitted 
to deal under this Policy. For example, by obtaining clearance in accordance with this Policy in respect of 
the Connected Persons’ dealings. 
Connected Persons includes: 
• 
family members (spouse, dependent children or dependent children of the spouse); 
• 
family companies where the Restricted Person is a director and/or shareholder; and 
• 
family trusts or superannuation funds where the Restricted Person is a trustee, beneficiary or an 
advisor to the trustee.   
For personal use only

 
Page 5 of 5 
If you are in any doubt, consult with the Company Secretary. 
5 
Excluded Dealings 
Sections 3.3, 4.1 and 4.3 of this Policy do not apply to: 
(a) 
participation in an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by the Company. However, 
where securities in the Company granted under an employee, executive or director equity plan cease 
to be held under the terms of that plan, any dealings in those securities must only occur in 
accordance with this Policy; 
(b) 
the following categories of trades: 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a dividend reinvestment plan; 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a share purchase plan available to all retail 
shareholders; 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a rights issue; and 
• 
the disposal of Company securities through the acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme of 
arrangement or equal access buy-back; 
(c) 
dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the securities (for example, 
transfers of Company securities already held into a superannuation fund or trust of which the 
Autosports Group Person is a beneficiary); 
(d) 
trading under a pre-approved non-discretionary trading plan, where the Autosports Group Person did 
not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a blackout period, the plan does not permit the 
Autosports Group Person to exercise any influence or discretion in relation to trading under the plan 
and the plan cannot be cancelled during a blackout period, other than in exceptional circumstances; 
and 
(e) 
a disposal of securities of the Company by employees other than Restricted Persons, that is the 
result of a secured lender exercising their rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement. 
However, given such dealings remain subject to the insider trading rules in the Corporations Act, 
Autosports Group Personnel should still consider any legal or reputational issues (and discuss any 
concerns they have with the Company Secretary) before proceeding with the dealing. 
6 
What happens if this Policy is breached? 
Breaches of this Policy will be regarded by the Company as serious and will be subject to appropriate 
sanctions. 
Any person who is suspected of breaching this Policy may be suspended from attending the workplace on 
full pay pending the outcome of investigations into the alleged breach. 
Any person who breaches this Policy could face disciplinary action (including forfeiture of securities and/or 
suspension or termination of employment). 
Breaches of the insider trading laws have serious consequences for both the personnel concerned and the 
Company. Penalties under the Corporations Act include financial penalties and imprisonment. 
7 
Who should I contact? 
Autosports Group Personnel should contact the Company Secretary if they are unsure about whether it is 
acceptable to deal or communicate with others in relation to the Company’s securities or other securities or 
if they have any other queries about this Policy. 
Last Updated: 23 June 2025 
For personal use only
