 
 
ASX Announcement 
 
23 June 2026 
 
ASX Market Announcements Office 
ASX Limited 
Level 27, 39 Martin Place 
SYDNEY NSW 2000  
 
 
 
Updated Securities Trading Policy 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, AUB Group Limited (AUB) attaches a copy of its updated 
Securities Trading Policy. 
 
 
 
The release of this announcement was authorised by the AUB Board. 
 
For further information, contact Richard Bell, Chief Legal and Risk Officer, on +61 2 9935 2222 or 
richardb@aubgroup.com. 
 
 
About AUB Group 
AUB Group Limited (ASX: AUB) is an ASX200 listed group comprising insurance brokers and underwriting 
agencies operating in ~579 locations. Over ~6,000 team members work with our ~1,200,000 clients to 
place more than $11bn in insurance premiums with local and foreign insurers. 
For personal use only

AUB Group Policy 
 
 
AUB Group Securities Trading Policy (23 June 2026) 
 
Page 1 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
1. PURPOSE  
The purposes of the policy are to: 
(a) 
set out the circumstances in which Directors, officers, employees and contractors of the 
Company (each an AUB Connected Person) and their Associates may Deal in Company Securities;  
(b) 
highlight that there are times when they cannot or should not Deal in Company Securities; and 
(c) 
protect and maintain the reputation of the Company, and ensure that it is seen by persons 
outside the Company as being protected and maintained. 
The policy is not designed to prohibit AUB Connected Persons from investing in Company Securities 
but does recognise that there may be times when they cannot or should not invest in Company 
Securities. The policy provides guidance to AUB Connected Persons as to the time that they may invest 
in the Company's securities. The requirements of the policy also allow the Company to monitor the 
personal investment activity in the Company's securities by AUB Connected Persons. 
2. INTERPRETATION 
In the policy:  
Associate means, in relation to an AUB Connected Person: 
(a) 
their spouse, de-facto spouse, parent or child or a spouse or de-facto spouse of that parent or 
child; 
(b) 
an entity controlled by one or more of the persons referred to in paragraph (a); 
(c) 
an entity (including without limitation trusts, companies and nominees) and/or person that the 
AUB Connected Person controls or may be expected to control or influence; and 
(d) 
a person with whom they are acting in concert or propose to act in concert in relation to the 
Company’s affairs. 
Company means AUB Group Limited. 
Deal includes directly or indirectly applying for, subscribing for, purchasing or selling or entering into 
an agreement to do any of those things including the election to participate or not participate in any 
dividend or distribution reinvestment plan, and Dealing has a corresponding meaning.  
Designated Person means: 
(a) 
Directors, officers and members of the Group Executive; and  
For personal use only

 
AUB Group Securities Trading Policy (23 June 2026) 
 
Page 2 
(b) 
any employee, contractor, closely connected person of any employee or contractor (including 
employees and contractors of Tysers) designated by the CEO or CFO from time to time in respect 
of which the Company Secretary will maintain a register.  
Director means a director of the Company. 
Inside Information means information relating to a company that is not generally available and, if the 
information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on 
the price or value of the company’s Securities. Information is regarded as likely to have a material 
effect if it would, or be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in Securities whether or not 
to Deal in the Company’s Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, Inside Information can include 
matters of supposition or expectation and matters relating to intentions or likely intentions of a 
person. 
Key Management Personnel means key management personnel (including the Directors) as disclosed 
in the Company’s Annual Report. 
Securities includes shares, options, rights, debentures, or other securities or derivatives including any 
structured financial product, swap, futures contract, contract for difference, spread bet, or warrant.  
3. OBJECTIVES OF THE POLICY 
The objectives of the policy are to: 
(a) 
ensure that AUB Connected Persons do not contravene the applicable requirements of the 
Corporations Act or the ASX Listing Rules; 
(b) 
ensure that AUB Connected Persons adhere to high ethical and legal standards in their personal 
Dealings in Company Securities;  
(c) 
ensure that the personal Dealings of AUB Connected Persons in Company Securities do not 
conflict with the interests of the Company and its shareholders in relation to Company 
Securities; and 
(d) 
minimise the risk of insider trading and avoid the perception or appearance of insider trading. 
4. OUTLINE OF CORPORATIONS ACT REQUIREMENTS 
4.1 RESTRICTED DEALINGS 
If an AUB Connected Person possesses Inside Information in relation to the Company, they must not: 
(a) 
Deal in Company Securities; 
(b) 
procure another person to Deal in Company Securities; or 
(c) 
directly or indirectly, communicate the information, or cause the information to be 
communicated, to another person if they know or ought reasonably to know, that the other 
person would, or would be likely to, Deal in Company Securities or procure a third person to 
Deal in Company Securities. 
The prohibition in this section in relation to dealing in Securities when in possession of Inside 
Information applies to any Dealing by AUB Connected Persons or their Associates in the securities of 
For personal use only

 
AUB Group Securities Trading Policy (23 June 2026) 
 
Page 3 
any entity including for the avoidance of doubt the Securities of the Company’s suppliers or business 
partners. 
4.2 PENALTIES 
An AUB Connected Person who Deals in Company Securities while they possess Inside Information or 
who deals with the Securities of any entity whilst in possession of Inside Information relating to that 
entity is guilty of an offence and may be liable to both civil and criminal penalties including:  
(a) 
criminal liability including heavy fines and imprisonment; 
(b) 
civil liability including being sued by a party who has suffered loss as a result of the illegal 
Dealing; and 
(c) 
the Australian Securities and Investments Commission may seek civil penalties. 
5. EXAMPLES OF INSIDE INFORMATION 
Information which may be considered to be Inside Information includes information relating to the 
following (which is not an exhaustive list): 
(a) 
revenue figures; 
(b) 
profit forecasts; 
(c) 
unpublished announcements; 
(d) 
proposed changes in capital structure, including share issues, rights issues and the redemption 
of securities; 
(e) 
borrowings, including debenture and convertible note offerings; 
(f) 
impending mergers, acquisitions, disposals, reconstructions and takeovers; 
(g) 
significant litigation or unexpected liability; 
(h) 
significant changes in operations or proposed changes in the general character or nature of the 
business of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; 
(i) 
new products and technology; 
(j) 
liquidity and cashflow information; 
(k) 
major or material purchases or sales of businesses/assets; 
(l) 
management restructuring or board changes; 
(m) 
significant new contracts, customers or business partners; and 
(n) 
proposed sales or purchases of a substantial number of Company Securities. 
6. APPLICATION OF THE POLICY 
(a) 
This policy applies to all AUB Connected Persons. 
For personal use only

 
AUB Group Securities Trading Policy (23 June 2026) 
 
Page 4 
(b) 
AUB Connected Persons must comply with this policy in any Dealing in Company Securities and 
must take reasonable steps to ensure that their Associates also comply with this Policy. 
(c) 
Additional restrictions in this policy apply to Designated Persons, including requirements 
relating to Blackout Periods, clearance to Deal and other specified prohibitions. 
(d) 
Compliance with this Policy does not relieve any person from their obligations under insider 
trading laws, which apply at all times. 
7. BLACKOUT PERIODS AND PERMITTED DEALING 
7.1 BLACKOUT PERIODS 
Designated Persons must not Deal in Company Securities during the following periods (Blackout 
Periods): 
(a) 
the period commencing 15 December each year until the day after the Company releases its 
half-year results to the ASX; 
(b) 
the period commencing 15 June each year until the day after the Company releases its full-year 
results to the ASX;  
(c) 
the period of 21 calendar days up to and including the date of the Company’s Annual General 
Meeting; and 
(d) 
any additional periods determined by the Board from time to time. 
7.2 PERMITTED DEALING OUTSIDE BLACKOUT PERIODS 
Subject to this policy, Designated Persons may Deal in Company Securities outside Blackout Periods, 
provided that: 
(a) they are not in possession of any Inside Information; and 
(b) they have obtained prior written clearance in accordance with paragraph 7.3.  
7.3 CLEARANCE TO DEAL 
Designated Persons must not Deal in Company Securities at any time (including outside a Blackout 
Period) without prior written clearance as follows: 
(a) the Chair of the Board requires clearance from the Chair of the Board Audit & Risk Committee; 
(b) Key Management Personnel (excluding the Chair) and the Chief Legal and Risk Officer require 
clearance from the Chair of the Board; and 
(c) all other Designated Persons require clearance from the Chief Legal and Risk Officer. 
When seeking clearance, the Designated Person must confirm that they do not possess Inside 
Information. 
For personal use only

 
AUB Group Securities Trading Policy (23 June 2026) 
 
Page 5 
Any clearance granted: 
(d) will be valid for a period of 7 calendar days from the date of approval; and 
(e) may be withdrawn at any time prior to the Dealing occurring. 
Any Dealing must occur within the period of the approval. 
Following any Dealing, the Designated Person must notify the Company Secretary within one business 
day. 
7.4 ABSOLUTE PROHIBITION 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this policy: 
AUB Connected Persons must not Deal in Company Securities at any time while in possession of 
Inside Information, regardless of whether a Blackout Period is in effect or clearance has been 
obtained. 
Approval to trade does not constitute confirmation that the individual does not possess Inside 
Information. Responsibility for compliance with insider trading laws remains with the individual. 
7.5 EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES  
A Designated Person may be permitted to Deal in Company Securities during a Blackout Period where: 
(a) exceptional circumstances exist; and 
(b) prior written clearance has been obtained in accordance with paragraph 7.3. 
Exceptional circumstances may include, but are not limited to: 
(c) severe financial hardship; 
(d) a requirement to comply with a court order or other legal or regulatory obligation; or 
(e) any other circumstance considered exceptional by the approver. 
The Designated Person must demonstrate that the proposed Dealing is the only reasonable course of 
action available. 
Notwithstanding paragraph 7.3, any approval under this section must be obtained from the Chair of 
the Board (or, in their absence, the Chair of the Board Audit & Risk Committee). 
7.6 EXCEPTIONS TO PROHIBITION IN DEALING WITH COMPANY SECURITIES 
Subject to their general duties and the Corporations Act (including the insider trading provisions), a 
Designated Person may at any time: 
For personal use only

 
AUB Group Securities Trading Policy (23 June 2026) 
 
Page 6 
(a) 
transfer Company Securities between the Designated Person and an Associate of the Designated 
Person (including a transfer into a superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which the 
Designated Person is a beneficiary), provided prior written clearance has been provided in 
accordance with paragraph 7.3;  
(b) 
deal in, or trade in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only investing in the 
Company Securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion 
of a third party; 
(c) 
where the Designated Person is a trustee, Deal in the Company Securities by that trust provided 
that neither the Designated Person nor any Associate is a beneficiary of the trust and any 
decision to Deal during a Blackout Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment 
managers independently of the Designated Person; 
(d) 
undertake to accept, or accept a takeover offer; 
(e) 
deal under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the Company security holders, such as, 
a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an equal 
access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer has been 
approved by the Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the 
entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of 
entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue;  
(f) 
undertake to accept, or accept a grant of options or rights under a Company employee incentive 
plan; and 
(g) 
exercise (but not Deal with the securities following exercise) an option or a right granted under 
a Company employee incentive plan. 
7.7 HEDGING 
Participants in a Company employee incentive plan (which includes Designated Persons) are prohibited 
from entering into a transaction that limits the economic risk of unvested Company Securities or 
vested Company Securities that are subject to a restriction on transfer, such as a holding lock. 
7.8 MARGIN LENDING 
Approval must be obtained prior to a Designated Person entering into margin lending arrangements 
in relation to Company Securities. Such Dealings would cover: 
(a) 
entering into a margin lending arrangement in respect of Company Securities; 
(b) 
transferring Company Securities into an existing margin loan account; and 
(c) 
selling Company Securities to satisfy a call pursuant to a margin loan. 
Notwithstanding paragraph 7.3, any approval under this section must be obtained from the Chair of 
the Board (or, in their absence, the Chair of the Board Audit & Risk Committee). 
Designated Persons should consult with the Company’s Chief Legal and Risk Officer if they are 
uncertain as to whether an arrangement should be classified as a margin lending arrangement.  
For personal use only

 
AUB Group Securities Trading Policy (23 June 2026) 
 
Page 7 
7.9 SHORT TERM DEALING AND SHORT SELLING 
Designated Persons must not engage in short term Dealing or short selling in Company Securities. In 
general, the purchase of Company Securities with a view to their resale within a 12 month period, or 
the sale of Company Securities with a view to their repurchase within a 12 month period, will be 
considered to be a Dealing of a ‘short term’ nature. The sale of Company Securities immediately after 
they have been acquired through the conversion of another security (e.g. exercise of a share right) will 
not be regarded as a short term Dealing.  
8. NOTIFICATION BY DIRECTORS 
8.1 DISCLOSURE OF DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS 
Directors must give the Company notice of all changes in their notifiable interests (as defined in the 
ASX Listing Rules) so as to ensure compliance with the notification obligations of the Company and its 
Directors under ASX Listing Rule 3.19A and section 250G of the Corporations Act. 
The Director must disclose to the Company the information necessary for the Company to comply with 
its notification requirements under the ASX Listing Rules. If the Director fails to make such disclosure 
to the Company, the Director will be responsible for notifying the ASX under section 205G of the 
Corporations Act. 
9. QUESTIONS 
If you have any questions regarding the policy you should contact the Chief Legal and Risk Officer or 
Company Secretary. 
10. MATERIAL REVISIONS 
Version Approval Date 
Effective Date 
Details 
1.0 
7 July 2017 
7 July 2017 
Policy approved by AUB Group Board. 
2.0 
30 June 2020 
1 July 2020 
Policy approved by AUB Group Board. 
3.0 
28 October 2020 
29 October 2020 
Policy approved by AUB Group Board. 
4.0 
8 December 2022 
13 December 2022 
Policy approved by AUB Group Board. 
5.0 
22 June 2026 
23 June 2026 
Policy approved by AUB Group Board. 
 
For personal use only
