ASX Release 
10 November 2025
ABN 67 140 164 496
Level 1, 307 Murray Street, Perth WA 6000
T: 08 9220 9890  F: 08 9220 9820   E: info@ausgoldlimited.com W: www.ausgoldlimited.com 
Updated Securities Trading Policy 
Ausgold Limited (ASX:AUC) (“Ausgold” or the “Company”) advises that, in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 
12.10, the Company has updated its Securities Trading Policy. 
A copy of the updated Securities Trading Policy is attached and it is also available on the Company’s website 
at https://ausgoldlimited.com.
This announcement is authorised for release to the market by the Board of Directors of Ausgold Limited. 
For further information please visit Ausgold’s website or contact: 
John Dorward
Nicholas Read
Executive Chairman, Ausgold Limited
Read Corporate
T: +61 (08) 9220 9890
T: +61 (08) 9388 1474
E: investor@ausgoldlimited.com
E: nicholas@readcorporate.com.au
For personal use only

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Approved: 7 November 2025 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 2 of 13 
 
1. 
PURPOSE 
The objectives of Ausgold Limited’s (ACN 140 164 496) (‘Ausgold’ or ‘Company’) Securities 
Trading Policy (‘Policy’ or ‘Trading Policy’) are to: 
(a) satisfy rule 12.9 of the Australian Securities Exchange (‘ASX’) Listing Rules and to 
ensure that the Company continues to adhere to high standards of corporate conduct 
and governance (pursuant to the ASX Corporate Governance Principles and 
Recommendations); 
(b) facilitate compliance with the insider trading prohibitions contained in Part 7.10 of the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (‘Corporations Act’) by explaining the type of securities 
trading conduct that is prohibited; 
(c) establish when and under what circumstances Designated Persons may deal in the 
Company Securities, and to otherwise establish best practice procedures for dealing 
in Company Securities that provides protection to the Company and Designated 
Persons against inadvertently breaching the law; and 
(d) manage reputational risk associated with insider trading. 
 
2. 
DEFINITIONS 
2.1 
AUC Persons includes all employees, officers, and strategic contractors of the Company or 
its subsidiaries. 
2.2 
Company Securities 
This Policy covers trading in any securities in the Company, including the following: 
(a) ordinary or preference shares (including shares allocated or issued under any 
employee or executive incentive plans of Ausgold); 
(b) options, performance rights, restricted stock units or other share rights; 
(c) convertible notes, bonds and other debentures;  
(d) any hedging arrangement, financial instrument or derivative of Ausgold ordinary 
shares; and 
(e) and other securities issued by the Company which are convertible into shares. 
2.3 
Connected Person 
A Connected Person in relation to a Designated Person or an AUC Person means: 
(a) spouse or partner; 
(b) child (including step-child) under the age of 18; 
(c) any other relative who has lived in the same household for twelve months or more; 
(d) a business partner of any of the above; 
(e) a company or business entity in which the Designated Person or the AUC Person is a 
director, senior executive or more than a twenty percent shareholder; 
For personal use only

 
Page 3 of 13 
 
(f) a trustee where the beneficiaries of the trust include any of the above; or 
(g) any other person over whom the Designated Person or the AUC Person has significant 
influence or control. 
2.4 
Dealing in Securities 
Dealing in securities includes, for the purposes of this Policy: 
(a) buying or selling, whether on market or off market; 
(b) placing a buy or sell order, even if that order is not completed; 
(c) entering into an agreement or undertaking to buy or sell at a future time; 
(d) entering into an arrangement or acting to transfer the beneficial or underlying 
ownership of securities. 
2.5 
Designated Persons 
Designated Persons include: 
(a) all directors and officers of the Company or its subsidiaries; 
(b) key management personnel1 (‘KMP’) of the Company or its subsidiaries; 
(c) any other person designated by the Board of Directors. 
2.6 
Employee Incentive Scheme or EIS means any employee incentive programme adopted by 
the Company from time to time.  
 
2.7 
Information 
For the purposes of the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act, information is 
defined broadly and includes matters of supposition and other matters which are insufficiently 
definite to warrant being made known to the public. It also includes matters relating to the 
intentions of a person. 
2.8 
Inside Information 
Inside Information is information relating to a company which is not generally available but, if 
the information was generally available, it would be likely to have a material effect on the price 
or value of that company’s securities. Inside Information can include matters of speculation or 
supposition and matters relating to intentions or likely intentions of a person. 
Examples of Inside Information could be: 
(a) the financial performance of a company; 
(b) changes in the company’s actual or anticipated financial condition or business 
performance; 
(c) changes in the capital structure of the company, including proposals to raise additional 
equity or increase debt; 
 
1  
‘Key management personnel’ has the meaning given in AASB Standard 124 Related Party Disclosure, being those 
persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity, directly or 
indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of the entity. 
For personal use only

 
Page 4 of 13 
 
(d) proposed changes in the nature of the business of the company; 
(e) changes to the board of directors or significant changes in key management personnel; 
(f) likely or actual entry into, or loss of, a material contract; 
(g) material acquisitions or sales of assets by the company; 
(h) a proposed dividend or other distribution or a change in dividend policy; or 
(i) a material claim against the company or other unexpected liability.  
2.9 
Material Effect 
Information is regarded as being likely to have a material effect if it would, or would be likely 
to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities or other traded financial products in 
deciding whether or not to deal in those securities. 
The following information would likely be considered to have a material effect on Ausgold’s 
share price: 
(a) information regarding a material increase or decrease in Ausgold’s financial 
performance from previous results or forecasts; 
(b) a proposed material business or asset acquisition or sale; 
(c) material exploration results; 
(d) the damage or destruction of a material operation of the company; 
(e) proposed material legal proceedings to be initiated by or against Ausgold; 
(f) regulatory action or investigations undertaken by a government authority; 
(g) the launch of a material new business; or 
(h) a proposal to undertake a new issue of shares or major change in financing. 
2.10 Procuring 
Procuring means enticing, encouraging, persuading, causing or securing another person to 
do something. For the purposes of these provisions procuring includes inciting, inducing or 
encouraging an act or omission. 
2.11 Public Information 
Information is considered to be ‘generally available’ if: 
(a) it consists of readily observable matter;  
(b) it has been made known in a manner likely to bring it to the attention of investors in 
securities of corporations of that kind and a reasonable period for dissemination of that 
information has elapsed;  
(c) it has been released to the ASX, published in an Annual Report or prospectus that has 
been released to the market or otherwise been made available in public domain; or 
(d) it may be deduced, inferred or concluded from the above. 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 5 of 13 
 
3. 
APPLICATION 
(a) 
This Policy applies to all AUC Persons (including Designated Persons) and their 
Connected Persons. 
(b) 
The AUC Persons (including Designated Persons) must ensure their Connected 
Persons comply with this Policy to the same standard and obligations that apply to that 
AUC Person. Any failure by a Connected Person to comply with this Policy may be 
treated as breach by that AUC Person. 
 
4. 
INSIDER TRADING PROHIBITION 
Insider trading is the practice of dealing or trading in a company's securities by a person in 
possession of information not generally available, but if it were generally available would, or 
would be likely to, influence a person's decision to transact in the company's securities. It may 
also include the passing on of this information to another, or procuring another person to deal 
in the securities. Under the Corporations Act, if a person has Inside Information (as defined 
below) relating to a company it is illegal to: 
(a) deal in (that is, apply for, acquire or dispose of) the company’s securities or enter into 
an agreement to do so – no dealing; or 
(b) procure another person to apply for, acquire or dispose of the company’s securities or 
enter into an agreement to do so – no procuring; or 
(c) directly or indirectly communicate, or cause to be communicated, that information to 
any other person if you know, or ought reasonably to know, that the person would or 
would be likely to use the information to engage in the activities specified in paragraphs 
1 or 2 above – no tipping. 
4.1 
Other organisations’ securities 
It is also illegal to trade in the securities of other entities if you have inside information about 
those entities. This includes the securities of suppliers, contractors and customers of Ausgold. 
4.2 
Any capacity 
It does not matter how or in what capacity you become aware of the Inside Information. It does 
not have to be obtained from the Company to constitute Inside Information. 
4.3 
No giving ‘tips’ 
You cannot avoid the Insider Trading Prohibition by arranging for a family member or friend to 
deal in securities, nor may you give ‘tips’ concerning Inside Information to others. 
WARNING: The Insider Trading Prohibition applies to everyone and at all times. 
4.4 
‘No dealing’ is very broad 
Dealing in securities is a broad concept and covers taking part in any transaction associated 
with buying, selling, acquiring, disposing of, converting or agreeing to do any of these things. 
For example: 
(a) an off-market transfer of securities; 
(b) an exercise of options or performance rights over shares; 
For personal use only

 
Page 6 of 13 
 
(c) entering into a put option arrangement over shares; 
(d) accepting an offer or invitation to acquire shares, options or rights under a share 
purchase plan or employee share ownership plan; or 
(e) making an election to participate, or to cease participation, in a dividend reinvestment 
plan. 
4.5 
Consequences of insider trading 
As well as reputational damage for both you and the Company, a breach of the Insider Trading 
Prohibition, may subject you to serious legal consequences, including: 
(a) criminal penalties for a conviction include heavy fines and imprisonment;  
(b) civil liability – you can be sued by another party or the Company for loss they suffer 
as a result of your illegal trading; 
(c) civil penalty provisions – the Australian Securities and Investments Commission 
(‘ASIC’) may seek civil penalties against you and may even seek a court order that you 
be disqualified from managing a corporation; and 
disciplinary action including dismissal – if you breach the law, this Policy, or both, 
we will regard it as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action including 
your dismissal. 
 
5. 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
A person must treat all sensitive, non-public information (‘Confidential Information’) about 
the Company or its subsidiaries as confidential and belonging to the Company. While 
Confidential Information is not always Inside Information, you should still take whatever steps 
are reasonably necessary to keep Confidential Information from being disclosed (except as 
authorised or legally required). This means: 
(a) you must avoid inadvertent or indirect disclosure of Confidential Information; 
(b) you must be careful that your conversations are not overheard in elevators, aeroplanes 
or other public places; 
(c) even within the Company, Confidential Information should be distributed to or 
discussed with others only on a need-to-know basis, and those people must be told 
that the information is confidential; 
(d) you must not disclose Confidential Information to others (including family members, 
relatives, business or social acquaintances) except as authorised by the Company or 
legally required; and 
(e) you must not leave Confidential Information on conference tables, desks or otherwise 
unguarded. 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 7 of 13 
 
6. 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
6.1 
Prohibited Periods 
Ausgold has two types of Prohibited Periods: routine Blackout Periods and ad hoc Additional 
Prohibited Periods. The Blackout Periods and the Additional Prohibited Periods are together 
referred to as a ‘Prohibited Period’ in this Policy. 
6.2 
Blackout Periods 
There are certain fixed periods when information about the financial position or performance 
of the Company is being finalised for release to ASX, during which dealing in Company 
Securities by any AUC Person and their Connected Person will be prohibited. 
The following Blackout Periods apply for the purposes of this Policy: 
(a) the period each year from the close of trading at the end of each quarter until the 
commencement of trading on the next trading day following the announcement to ASX 
of the Company’s quarterly report; 
(b) the period each year from the close of trading at the end of the financial half year until 
the commencement of trading on the next trading day following the announcement of 
the Company’s half-yearly report; and 
(c) the period each year from the close of trading at the end of the full financial year until 
the commencement of trading on the next trading date following the announcement to 
ASX of the preliminary final statement or full year results. 
6.3 
Additional Prohibited Periods 
In addition to the Blackout Periods and the prohibitions on insider trading set out in the 
Corporations Act, the Company requires that AUC Persons must not trade in the Company 
Securities within any period imposed by the Company from time to time, because the 
Company is considering matters that would require disclosure to the market but for Listing 
Rule 3.1A (usually because the matter is incomplete and confidential) (‘Additional Prohibited 
Period’). 
Please note that even if it is outside of a Prohibited Period, AUC Persons must not trade in 
the Company Securities if they are in possession of Inside Information. No approval from the 
Company can protect you from the law where you deal, procure or tip while you actually have 
Inside Information. 
6.4 
Notice and Checking 
(a) 
All AUC Persons must read this policy and observe the rules of trading prohibition 
during the Blackout Periods.  
(b) 
Any Additional Prohibited Periods will be notified by the Company via email.  
(c) 
Designated Persons should also check with their manager, the Chairman, the Chief 
Financial Officer or the Company Secretary, to confirm that dealing/trading in Company 
Securities is permissible before contemplating trading in securities. The trading 
windows will generally be open other than the Blackout Periods but you need to check 
in case an Additional Prohibited Period applies. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this document, each Designated Person is 
required to obtain prior written clearance in accordance with the procedure described 
For personal use only

 
Page 8 of 13 
 
below in clause 86.5 before dealing or trading in the Company Securities, even if the 
proposed transaction is outside of a Prohibited Period.  
6.5 
Exceptional Circumstances 
A person may trade in the Company Securities inside a Prohibited Period, subject to obtaining 
prior written clearance in accordance with the procedure described in the section below, in the 
following exceptional circumstances:  
(a) if the person granting the prior written clearance in accordance with this Policy is 
satisfied that the person seeking the clearance does not possess unpublished price 
sensitive information about the Company and the person seeking clearance is in 
severe financial hardship; 
(b) if the person granting the prior written clearance in accordance with this Policy is 
satisfied that the person seeking the clearance does not possess unpublished price 
sensitive information about the Company and there are other circumstances deemed 
to be exceptional by the person granting the prior written clearance; or 
(c) where trading is required for compliance with a court order or court enforceable 
undertakings or for some other legal or regulatory requirement. 
 
7. 
OTHER RESTRICTIONS 
7.1 
No margin lending or other secured financing arrangements 
AUC Persons are not permitted to enter into margin lending or other secured financing 
arrangements in relation to Company Securities. 
A person should consult with the Company Secretary if they are uncertain as to whether an 
arrangement is prohibited under this Policy. 
7.2 
No short term or speculative trading 
AUC Persons must not engage in short term or speculative trading in Company Securities or 
in derivative or other financial products issued over or in respect of Company Securities. Short 
term means in less than a 6-month period. This does not apply to selling shares shortly after 
exercising options or rights issued to the person under the Company’s Employee Incentive 
Scheme.  
7.3 
No short selling or misleading trading 
AUC Persons must not engage in short selling (being the selling by a person of financial 
products they do not own with a view to repurchasing them later at a lower price) of Company 
Securities. 
In addition to the Insider Trading Prohibition, the Corporations Act contains prohibitions 
against any persons taking part in any trading that is likely to create or maintain an artificial 
price for securities or create a false or misleading appearance of active trading. 
7.4 
No hedging 
Subject to the law, AUC Persons and their closely related parties (as defined in the 
Corporations Act) must not: 
For personal use only

 
Page 9 of 13 
 
(a) enter into transactions or arrangements with anyone which could have the effect of 
limiting the exposure of the member to risk relating to an element of the member’s 
remuneration that: 
(b) has not vested in the member; or 
(c) has vested in the member but remains subject to a holding lock; or 
(d) deal in financial products over or in respect of Company Securities, except for the type 
of dealing permitted by law or under this Policy. 
 
8. 
PROCEDURE FOR TRADING CLEARANCE 
8.1 
Approver for Designated Person 
Any Designated Person must not trade in the Company Securities in any periods, unless prior 
approval has been obtained. 
Periods 
Trade Permission 
Prohibited Periods 
No trade 
Prohibited Periods (but with exceptional circumstances) 
No Trade unless approval obtained 
Other Periods 
No Trade unless approval obtained 
 
The approval must be sought from: 
Designated Person 
Approver 
Chair of the Board 
Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee 
(‘ARC’) 
Other Designated Persons 
Chair of the Board 
 
The usual rules of the Board of Directors for recusal by directors from matters in which they 
have a material personal interest apply. 
8.2 
Approver for Non-Designated Person 
Any AUC Person must not trade in the Company’s securities during the Prohibited Periods. If 
exceptional circumstances exist, that person must apply for approval before trading.  
Employees, officers, and strategic contractors of the Company or its subsidiaries who are not 
Designated Persons do not require approval to trade in Company Securities outside of 
Prohibited Periods, provided that such trading does not breach insider trading laws or other 
prohibitions set out in this Policy. 
Periods 
Trade Permission 
Prohibited Periods 
No trade 
Prohibited Periods (but with exceptional circumstances) 
No Trade unless approval obtained 
Other Periods 
Trading permitted provided that there will 
be no breach of insider trading laws and 
other prohibitions as set out in this Policy. 
 
If required, the approval could be sought from:  
Designated Person 
Approver 
All Non-Designated Person 
Executive Chairman or 
For personal use only

 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Company Secretary 
 
8.3 
Approver’s Knowledge 
The each of the Approver listed above, an “Approving Officer” should be in a position to 
know if Ausgold is: 
(a) about to release a periodic financial report or other financial data that might come as 
a surprise to the market; 
(b) about the make an announcement of market sensitive information under Listing Rule 
3.1; or 
(c) considering a matter subject to Listing Rule 3.1A; 
(d) and have a good understanding of the laws governing insider trading or be able to seek 
advice on that matter. 
8.4 
Application form 
A request for prior clearance under this Policy should be made in writing using the form 
attached to this Policy entitled ‘Request for Clearance to Trade in Company Securities’ and 
given to the Company Secretary. The request may be submitted by email. 
8.5 
Approval 
Any clearance granted under this Policy may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed by the 
Company and will be valid for the period of no longer than 10 business days from the time 
which it is given or such other period as may be determined by the Approving Officer. The 
expiry time of the clearance will be stated in the clearance granted. Written clearance under 
this Policy may be given by email. Should the intended dealing in Ausgold’s securities not take 
effect within the clearance period then the permission to trade must be refreshed.  
Any clearance to trade can be granted or refused by Ausgold in its discretion, without giving 
any reasons. A written clearance to trade can be withdrawn if new information comes to light 
or there is a change in circumstances. If a written clearance to trade is refused, the person 
seeking the clearance must keep that information confidential and not disclose it to anyone.  
Ausgold’s decision to refuse a written clearance is final and binding on the person seeking the 
clearance.  
8.6 
Post-dealing notification  
In addition to receiving written clearance, the person must confirm in writing to the relevant 
Approving Officer, within 1 business day from when the dealing in Company Securities has 
occurred, the number of Company Securities affected and the relevant parties to the dealing. 
 
9. 
TRADING WHICH IS NOT SUBJECT TO THIS POLICY 
The following trading by the Designated Persons is excluded from this Policy: 
(a) transfers of securities already held into a superannuation fund or other saving scheme 
in which the a person is a beneficiary; 
For personal use only

 
Page 11 of 13 
 
(b) an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme 
only investing in the Company Securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme 
are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
(c) where the person is a trustee, trading in the Company Securities by that trust provided 
the person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a Prohibited 
Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers independently of 
the person; 
(d) undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
(e) trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders such as, 
a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan 
and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure 
of the offer has been approved by the Board. This includes decisions relating to 
whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to 
provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata 
issue; 
(f) a disposal of securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, for 
example, however, this does not extend to disposal under a margin lending agreement 
if the agreement is prohibited by this Policy; 
(g) the exercise (but not the sale of securities following exercise) of an option or right under 
an Employee Incentive Scheme, or the conversion of a convertible security, where the 
final date for the exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of the security, falls 
during a Prohibited Period and, if applicable, the Company has been in an 
exceptionally long Prohibited Period or the Company has had a number of consecutive 
Prohibited Periods and the person could not reasonably have been expected to 
exercise it at a time when free to do so. 
Please note that even if that trading is excluded from this Policy, a person must not 
trade in the Company Securities if they are in possession of Inside Information because 
the Insider Trading Prohibitions may apply. 
 
10. 
REVIEW AND AMENDMENT OF POLICY 
The Policy will be reviewed periodically or as required to ensure that it continues to be 
compliant with the Corporations Act and ASX Listing Rules. 
This Policy cannot be amended without the approval of the Board of Ausgold Limited. 
The Board may amend this Policy at any time and in any manner, subject to complying with 
any requirements of the Corporations Act and the ASX Listing Rules which may apply in 
relation to the amendment.  
If any person is in doubt regarding proposed dealing in Securities and whether any potential 
transaction is contrary to the law, the rules and regulations of the ASX, or the Securities 
Trading Policy, that person should contact the Company Secretary. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 12 of 13 
 
SCHEDULE 1 – REQUEST FOR CLEARANCE TO TRADE IN COMPANY SECURITIES 
AUSGOLD LIMITED (‘AUSGOLD’ OR THE ‘COMPANY’) 
To: [Company Secretary] [Executive Chairman] [Chair Audit & Risk Committee] 
 
In accordance with the Company’s Security Trading Policy, I request the prescribed Approving Officer’s 
approval for the following proposed transaction to be undertaken either by me or by persons associated 
with me (a Connected Person):  
 
Name: 
 
Name of registered holder 
transacting (if different): 
 
Residential address: 
 
Office or position in the 
Company: 
 
Type of transaction 
(buy/sell/other transfer): 
 
Description and number of 
securities that are subject 
of the proposed 
transaction: 
 
Transaction date: 
Subject to the period as specified by the Approving Officer, the 
transaction is proposed to be carried out between: (must be within 10 
business days) 
Start (date):                                    
End (date):                   
 
 
The following information is only required if you are seeking approval to deal in the Company’s securities 
during a Prohibited Period: 
 
Details of the exceptional 
circumstances pursuant to 
which I make this 
application: 
 
 
 
 
I declare and confirm that:  
  
1 
I have read the Company’s Security Trading Policy and my decision to deal in securities of the 
Company has not been made on the basis of information that:  
 
(a) 
is not generally available, and  
 
(b) 
would be expected by a reasonable person to have a material effect on the price or 
value of the securities of the Company, if it was generally available.   
 
2 
The Company is not advising or encouraging me to trade in any securities of the Company and 
does not provide any securities recommendation; and  
 
3 
I know of no reason to prohibit me from trading in the Company’s securities and certify that the 
details given in this application are complete, true and correct.  
 
For personal use only

 
Page 13 of 13 
 
4 
I acknowledge that in accordance with the Company's Securities Trading Policy, I cannot trade 
in the Company's Securities until clearance is given and I understand that any clearance given 
will be valid only for the period stated in the clearance. 
 
Signed: ……………………………….. 
 
Name: ………………………………………………… Date: ………………………………….. 
 
OFFICE USE – Clearance to be completed by Approving Officer 
 
Clearance given by: 
 
…………………… 
Name of Approving 
Officer 
…………………… 
Signature 
…………………… 
Role/Position 
…………………… 
Date 
 
Clearance valid for: 
□ 10 business days from the date of clearance (default period) 
□            business days for the date of clearance 
 
 
Reason for clearance being denied: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Clearance declined by: 
 
…………………… 
Name of Approving 
Officer 
…………………… 
Signature 
…………………… 
Role/Position 
…………………… 
Date 
 
For personal use only
