Australian United Investment Company Limited 
 
 
 
Australian United Investment Company Limited 
Level 20, 101 Collins Street MELBOURNE VIC 3000 
ABN 37 004 268 679 
+61 3 9654 0499  ●  aui.com.au 
21 November 2025 
 
ASX Announcement 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, please find attached a copy of the Company’s 
updated Securities Trading Policy.  
 
The Policy is also available on the Company’s website at www.aui.com.au. 
 
 
Authorised for release by James Pollard, Company Secretary. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Approved: November 2025 
1 
Australian United Investment Company Limited 
Securities Trading Policy  
A. 
Application 
This policy applies to private dealings in the Company’s securities or the securities of other 
companies by the Directors and all staff members of the Company, or their associates and any 
entities controlled by them. 
The Company has established procedures to ensure compliance with the Australian Securities 
Exchange listing rule disclosure requirements including weekly and monthly disclosure of the 
Company’s net asset backing per share. 
B. 
Prohibition 
Directors and staff must not deal in the Company’s securities in the following circumstances: 
1. 
If they possess information which, if disclosed, might have a material effect on the 
market price of the Company’s securities, 
2. 
During Closed Periods (see C below), unless exceptional circumstances apply and 
prior written approval is given (see E below), or 
3. 
For short term trading or speculative purposes and must not grant security or enter 
into margin lending arrangements against Company securities held. 
In addition, Directors and staff must not deal in the securities of other companies in the following 
circumstances: 
1. 
If they possess information obtained by means of their position within the Company 
which, if disclosed, might have a material effect on the market price of the relevant 
company’s securities, or 
2. 
If their trading activity materially conflicts with the Company’s trading activity. 
C. 
Closed Periods 
Directors and staff must not deal in the Company’s securities from the close of business on 31 
December to the close of business on the day after the announcement of the half year results 
and dividend, and from the close of business on 30 June to the close of business on the day 
after announcement of the full year results and dividend. 
The Company may impose additional Closed Periods when considering matters that may 
require disclosure as per the Company’s Continuous Disclosure obligations. These additional 
Closed Periods will be communicated to Directors and staff by the Chairman or Company 
Secretary. 
The Company will not purchase its own shares through the on-market share buyback during 
any Closed Period. In addition, when announcing the half year results and dividend or full year 
results and dividend, the Company will not purchase its own shares until after the conclusion of 
the Dividend Reinvestment Plan pricing period. 
 
 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Approved: November 2025 
2 
D. 
Exclusions 
The following dealings by Directors and staff are excluded from this Policy: 
• 
Transfers of securities to a close family member (spouse, civil partner, child, stepchild or 
other close family member), 
• 
Transfers of securities as a contribution to a superannuation fund in which they are a 
beneficiary, 
• 
Participation in an offer made to all or most shareholders, including but not limited to the 
Dividend Reinvestment Plan, a share purchase plan, rights issue, takeover offer, scheme 
of arrangement or equal access buy-back, 
• 
Transfers of Company securities that result in no change in beneficial ownership, 
• 
Indirect and incidental trading that occurs as a consequence of dealing in securities 
issued by a managed investment scheme, listed investment company, exchange-traded 
fund or similar investment vehicle that is managed by a third party, and that happens to 
hold Company securities as part of its portfolio, 
• 
Where they are a trustee of a trust – the trading of Company securities by that trust, 
provided they are not a beneficiary of the trust and that any decisions to trade are made 
independently by other trustees or managers of the trust. 
E. 
Exceptional Circumstances 
Directors (other than the Chairman) and staff may seek prior written permission to deal in the 
Company’s securities during the Closed Periods from the Chairman, but only in exceptional 
circumstances (for example, severe financial hardship or a court ordered transaction). The 
Chairman may seek such written approval to deal in closed periods from the Lead Independent 
Director. All such approvals will be notified to the Company Secretary and the Board. 
F. 
Disclosure 
Directors are required to immediately notify all dealings in the Company’s securities to the 
Company Secretary who will notify the ASX within the required period on behalf of the Director. 
The Company Secretary must immediately notify the Chairman of any change in their interests 
in the Company’s securities, and all other staff must immediately notify the Company Secretary. 
For personal use only
