 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
 
14 June 2024 
 
RE: UPDATED INSIDER TRADING AND SECURITIES DEALING POLICY 
 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, AVITA Medical, Inc. (NASDAQ: RCEL, ASX: AVH) 
advises that it has updated its Insider Trading and Securities Dealing Policy with effect from 13 
June 2024 (PDT). 
 
A copy of the updated Insider Trading and Securities Dealing Policy is attached and is also 
available on AVITA Medical's website at: https://ir.avitamedical.com/corporate-governance. 
 
 
About AVITA Medical, Inc. 
AVITA Medical® is a commercial-stage regenerative medicine company transforming the standard 
of care in wound care management and skin restoration with innovative devices. At the forefront of 
our platform is the RECELL® System, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the 
treatment of thermal burn wounds and full-thickness skin defects, and for repigmentation of stable 
depigmented vitiligo lesions. RECELL harnesses the regenerative properties of a patient’s own 
skin to create Spray-On Skin™ Cells, delivering a transformative solution at the point-of-care. This 
breakthrough technology serves as the catalyst for a new treatment paradigm enabling improved 
clinical outcomes. AVITA Medical also holds the exclusive rights to market, sell, and distribute 
PermeaDerm®, a biosynthetic wound matrix, in the United States. 
 
In international markets, the RECELL System is approved to promote skin healing in a wide range 
of applications including burns, full-thickness skin defects, and vitiligo. The RECELL System is 
TGA-registered in Australia, has received CE-mark approval in Europe, and has PMDA approval in 
Japan. 
 
To learn more, visit www.avitamedical.com. 
 
For personal use only

  
 
AVITA MEDICAL, INC. 
 
INSIDER TRADING AND SECURITIES DEALING POLICY 
Effective as of June 13, 2024 
INTRODUCTION 
While performing your duties for AVITA Medical, Inc. or AVITA Medical Americas, 
LLC (collectively, “AVITA Medical”) you may, at times, have information that is not 
generally available to the public about AVITA Medical or “Related Entities” (defined 
below). AVITA Medical has its securities listed on both The Nasdaq Stock Market 
(“Nasdaq”) in the United States and also the Australian Securities Exchange (“ASX”) 
in Australia, and as a result AVITA Medical, as well as all “Restricted Persons” 
(defined below) must comply with certain United States federal and state securities 
laws as well as the Corporations Act of Australia, which collectively prohibit you from 
trading, or procuring another person to trade, in AVITA Medical securities on the 
basis of such information or providing that information to others who may trade on 
the basis of such information. 
 
This Insider Trading and Securities Dealing Policy (this “Policy”) outlines the 
conditions under which you may conduct transactions in AVITA Medical securities 
and in the securities of other companies whose securities may be impacted by non-
public information obtained in the course of your duties to AVITA Medical (“Related 
Entities”). 
 
This Policy seeks to explain some of your obligations to AVITA Medical and under 
the law, to prevent actual, or the appearance of, insider trading and to protect AVITA 
Medical’s reputation for integrity and ethical conduct. Insider trading involves 
trading in a public company’s stock or other securities by someone with material 
non-public information about the company (as further discussed below).    
 
It is your obligation to understand and comply with this Policy. 
 
Should you have any questions regarding this Policy, please contact AVITA Medical’s 
General Counsel, Donna Shiroma, at dshiroma@avitamedical.com. 
 
This Policy applies globally and is effective upon approval by the Board of Directors 
of AVITA Medical (the “Board”) following review and recommendation of the Audit 
Committee to the Board. The Policy will be reviewed and re-approved on a regular 
basis and, as part of the Audit Committee’s review process, this Policy will be 
updated as required to reflect appropriate legal and regulatory changes. The 
Appendix to this Policy summarizes certain provisions of Australian law that apply 
to you. 
 
PERSONS TO WHOM THIS POLICY APPLIES 
 
This Policy extends to all directors, officers, and employees of AVITA Medical, as well 
For personal use only

  
as certain consultants, contractors, or other individuals retained by AVITA Medical. 
When any of these individuals has access to or is in possession of material non-public 
information (as explained below) about AVITA Medical they may be considered 
insiders.   
 
Additionally, this Policy extends to family members or anyone else residing in your 
household and any family members, not otherwise residing in your household, whose 
transactions in securities are directed by you or are subject to your influence or 
control (e.g., your parents or children). This Policy also applies to any entities that 
you or other persons who you have a relationship with may influence or 
control, including any corporations, partnerships, or trusts (charitable or otherwise). 
All of the above persons or entities are collectively referred to as your “Restricted 
Persons”. 
 
You are responsible for the transactions conducted by your Restricted Persons and 
should make them aware of their obligations under this Policy. Transactions by your 
Restricted Persons are treated for the purpose of this Policy as if they were 
undertaken by you or for your benefit. Accordingly, all references to you with regard 
to trading restrictions or pre-clearance procedures in this Policy also apply to your 
Restricted Persons. 
 
TRANSACTIONS COVERED BY THIS POLICY 
 
AVITA Medical is a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 
the United States and it has listed its shares of common stock for trading on the 
Nasdaq. In addition, AVITA Medical’s CHESS Depositary Interests (CDIs), being units 
of beneficial ownership in AVITA Medical’s underlying shares of common stock, are 
listed on the ASX. 
 
Transactions covered by this Policy include purchases and sales of shares of 
common stock, CDIs, any derivatives securities (such as put or call options) and any 
debt or other equity securities issued in the future by AVITA Medical or a Related 
Entity. Trading also includes certain transactions under AVITA Medical equity plans. 
 
MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION 
This Policy is designed to prevent illegal trading in securities while you possess 
material non-public information. Determining what information is material and inside 
or non-public at any given time can be difficult. Material information is that which 
would be considered important by a reasonable investor in deciding whether to buy, 
sell or hold the securities in question. Some examples of information that generally 
would be considered material may include earnings estimates, significant merger or 
acquisition proposals or agreements, regulatory approval/rejection of a product, 
significant expansion or curtailment of operations, litigation problems/disputes, 
important management changes, research developments or any other important 
developments, trends or uncertainties which may have an impact on AVITA Medical 
or a Related Entity. Regulators will scrutinize a questionable trade after the fact with 
the benefit of hindsight, so it is best always to err on the side of deciding that the 
information is material and not trade if in doubt. If you are unsure whether 
information is material, you should assume that the information is material and 
not trade in or encourage others to trade in securities to which that information 
For personal use only

  
relates. You can also consult with the General Counsel if you have any questions 
regarding the materiality of non-public information. 
 
The standard for assessing whether information is inside or non-public is whether 
the information is generally available to the public. Information is generally 
available to the public when it has been released to the public through appropriate 
channels (e.g., public regulatory filings, by means of an official press release or a 
statement from one of AVITA Medical's senior officers or designated 
spokespersons), and enough time has elapsed to permit the market to absorb and 
evaluate the information. Inside information refers to non-public facts on the 
operations, products/services, pipeline, financial position, etc. regarding AVITA 
Medical that is not accessible to the public. All insiders must maintain the 
confidentiality of AVITA Medical information for competitive, security, and other 
business reasons, as well as to comply with securities laws. As with questions of 
materiality, if you are not sure whether information is considered public, you 
should assume that the information is non-public and treat it as confidential. You 
can also consult with the General Counsel if you have any questions regarding 
the confidentiality of certain information. 
 
Note that the above description of material non-public information is based on 
applicable U.S. law. For a discussion of the concept under Australian law, please see 
Appendix 1 to this Policy. 
 
PROHIBITION ON TRADING OR TIPPING OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC 
INFORMATION 
 
While in possession of material non-public information, you are prohibited from 
buying or selling any AVITA Medical or Related Entity securities or engaging in any 
other direct or indirect actions to take advantage of material non-public information, 
or from procuring another person to do so. This is true even if it will cause negative 
personal consequences (e.g., foregoing gains) or was planned before learning of 
material non-public information. This prohibition applies to both securities 
purchases and securities sales, regardless of how or from whom the material non-
public information was obtained and continues to apply post-employment until the 
information becomes public or non-material. You are also prohibited from disclosing 
material non-public information to others who might use it for trading or might pass 
it along to others who might trade (referred to as “tipping”). This includes family 
members or any other person with whom you have a pattern of sharing confidences 
but can include strangers. You should keep non-public information in utmost 
confidence. 
 
There are no exceptions to this general prohibition. Small transactions and 
transactions that may be necessary or justifiable for an independent reason (e.g., 
raising money for a charity or an emergency) are not excepted. This prohibition also 
applies to material non-public information relating to Related Entities, including 
AVITA Medical customers and suppliers. You should treat material non-public 
information about AVITA Medical’s business partners with the same level of care as 
information related to AVITA Medical. Information that is not material to AVITA 
Medical may nevertheless be material to the other entity. 
 
PROHIBITION ON SHORT SELLING, HEDGING TRANSACTIONS AND SHORT-TERM 
For personal use only

  
TRADING 
 
Short sales of stock are transactions involving the borrowing of stock, selling it, and 
then buying stock at a later date to replace the borrowed shares. Short sales 
generally evidence an expectation on the part of the seller that the securities will 
decline in value and have the potential to signal to the market a lack of confidence 
in the company. Consequently, short sales of AVITA Medical securities are 
prohibited. Similarly, you are prohibited from purchasing or using, directly or 
indirectly, financial instruments (e.g., swaps, collars, forward contracts, etc.) that are 
designed to hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of AVITA Medical 
securities, including both vested and unvested securities. 
 
Short-term trading of AVITA Medical’s securities can create a focus on our short-
term stock market performance instead of promoting AVITA Medical’s long-term 
business objectives. For these reasons, Designated Persons (as defined herein) who 
purchase or sell AVITA Medical securities in the open market may not sell or 
purchase any AVITA Medical securities of the same class during the six months 
following the transaction. 
 
PRE-CLEARANCE ON USE OF MARGIN ACCOUNTS AND PLEDGING OF 
SECURITIES 
 
If your AVITA Medical securities are held in a margin account or pledged as collateral, 
they may be sold without your consent under certain circumstances. As a result, a 
margin or foreclosure sale of AVITA Medical securities could occur when you are 
otherwise in possession of material non-public information. Consequently, to the 
extent you desire to enter into a margin trading or pledging arrangement involving 
AVITA Medical securities, you must first obtain pre-clearance from the General 
Counsel. 
 
PROHIBITION ON TRADING OUTSIDE OF DESIGNATED OPEN WINDOW PERIODS 
 
Trading in AVITA Medical securities by you may only occur during the designated 
open window periods. AVITA Medical has four routine open window periods 
commencing two Nasdaq trading days following the release of AVITA Medical’s 
annual or quarterly earnings and continuing until the close of trading fourteen 
days before the last day of AVITA Medical’s fiscal quarter. Hence, the closed 
period begins fourteen days before the end of the fiscal quarter and ends two 
Nasdaq trading days after the release of AVITA Medical’s annual or quarterly 
earnings. AVITA Medical has the right to modify an open window period at any time 
and for any reason or may decide that a trading window should not be opened at all 
during any quarter. The Board, in its sole discretion, may approve additional open 
window periods from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, no person covered by 
this Policy is permitted to trade or otherwise conduct transactions in AVITA Medical 
securities outside of the designated open window periods. Moreover, you should 
note that consummating transactions in AVITA Medical securities, even during an 
open window period, does not protect you from insider trading violations if you are 
trading while otherwise in possession of material non-public information. 
Consequently, you should use good judgment at all times regarding information you 
may possess. If you have any questions regarding the nature or timing of the open 
window periods or the application of this policy to your particular situation, please 
For personal use only

  
contact AVITA Medical’s General Counsel. 
 
In addition to the above, Designated Persons (as defined herein) must also 
comply with the pre-clearance procedures discussed below, even during open 
window periods. 
 
PRE-CLEARANCE OF DEALINGS BY DESIGNATED PERSONS 
 
Designated Persons and their Restricted Persons must pre-clear any intended 
transaction in AVITA Medical securities with the General Counsel, including any 
transaction during any open window period, not less than two trading days before 
the date of the intended transaction. To request pre-clearance, you must inform the 
General Counsel in writing of the following:  
 
• A complete description of the intended transaction (e.g., purchase, sale, gift, 
contribution), including the number of AVITA Medical securities and how you 
acquired them (if you proposing to sell or dispose of shares);  
• The date and the stock exchange on which the intended transaction is 
proposed to occur; and 
• A representation that you are not then in possession of any material non-
public information and that, if you come into possession of material non-public 
information following that time and prior to the transaction subject to the pre-
clearance, you understand that any pre-clearance is revoked and will not 
undertake such transaction. 
 
If you are subject to the requirements of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”), you should also consider whether you 
have effected any non-exempt transactions that must be reported on an 
appropriate Form 4 or Form 5. In addition, you should be prepared to comply with 
Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Securities Act”), and 
requirements to file Form 144. 
 
Designated Persons can only conduct transactions if: (i) the General Counsel 
approves the specified transaction; and (ii) such person is not otherwise in 
possession of material non- public information. If the General Counsel approves the 
intended transaction, such transaction must take place within the open window 
period following the approval (or such other period specified), at which time the 
transaction must comply with this Policy and applicable securities laws in all other 
respects. Subsequent confirmation of the transaction must be provided. 
 
Clearance provided by the General Counsel does not constitute investment advice 
and if clearance is denied, the denial must be kept confidential and must not be 
disclosed to anyone. 
 
For purposes of this Policy, “Designated Persons” include directors, officers, 
executive leadership team members, certain employees who work in accounting, 
finance, legal, compliance, investor relations, commercial operations, and sales, as 
well as any other person who may have increased access to material non-public 
information. A complete list of such persons is maintained internally by AVITA 
Medical. AVITA Medical may change the classification of an employee at any time. 
All employees who are classified as Designated Persons for purposes of this Policy 
For personal use only

  
will be notified of such classification by the General Counsel and will remain classified 
as a Designated Person until further notice. Additional employees may be 
temporarily subject to pre-clearance depending on their involvement in specific 
projects or events. The senior executive overseeing such an employee shall inform 
the General Counsel who, in turn, will notify the employee prior to the imposition of 
a pre-clearance requirement. 
 
 
ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS ON CERTAIN DESIGNATED PERSONS 
 
If you are a director, an executive officer, or another reporting person under 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act (a “Section 16 Individual”) you must also comply 
with the reporting obligations and limitations on short-swing transactions set forth 
in Section 16. 
 
The practical effect of these provisions is that Section 16 Individuals who make 
“matching” transactions of AVITA Medical’s securities within a six-month period 
(e.g., a purchase within six months prior to a sale, or a sale within six months prior 
to a purchase) must disgorge all profits from such transactions to AVITA Medical 
whether or not they had knowledge of any material non-public information. 
 
The terms “purchase” and “sale” are construed under Section 16(b) to cover a broad 
range of transactions, including acquisitions and dispositions of shares in tender 
offers, the receipt and granting of certain options, the acquisition or sale of 
convertible debt and certain corporate restructurings and reorganizations. 
Purchases and sales by an insider may be matched with transactions by any person 
(such as certain family members and related or controlled corporations and entities) 
whose securities may be deemed to be beneficially owned by the insider. Section 16 
rules define “beneficial ownership” as having or sharing a direct or indirect 
pecuniary interest in the securities (the opportunity directly or indirectly to profit or 
share in the profit derived from a transaction in the securities). Certain transactions 
(e.g., receipt of awards under AVITA Medical’s equity incentive plan) may be 
exempted from Section 16(b). 
 
If you are a Section 16 Individual, you must immediately report to the General 
Counsel and the Chief Financial Officer all transactions made in AVITA Medical’s 
securities by you, any family members, and any entities that you control subject to 
this Policy. AVITA Medical requires same day reporting due to SEC requirements that 
certain insider reports be filed with the SEC by the second business day after the 
date on which a reportable transaction occurs. Contact the Chief Financial Officer 
for assistance with obtaining the required forms (generally Form 3, Form 4, or Form 
5). Note that, although AVITA Medical is willing to assist Section 16 Individuals in 
meeting their Section 16 reporting obligations, it is ultimately the responsibility of 
the Section 16 Individual to comply with these requirements. 
 
ROLE OF THE GENERAL COUNSEL 
 
The General Counsel is responsible for administering this Policy and all 
determinations and interpretations of this Policy by the General Counsel are final 
and not subject to further review. The General Counsel will keep a record of all 
notifications of transactions supplied in accordance with this Policy. The General 
For personal use only

  
Counsel may appoint assistants to administer this Policy. 
 
INDIVIDUAL RESPONSIBILITY 
 
You have an ethical and legal obligation to maintain the confidentiality of 
information about AVITA Medical and not to trade in AVITA Medical securities (or 
the securities of a Related Entity) while in possession of material non-public 
information. In all cases, the ultimate responsibility for adhering to this Policy and 
avoiding improper conduct rests with you, and any action on the part of AVITA 
Medical, the General Counsel, or any other employee pursuant to this Policy does 
not constitute legal advice or insulate you from liability under applicable securities 
laws. In the event of a violation of this Policy, AVITA Medical may take disciplinary 
action, including, but not limited to, declaring you ineligible for future participation 
in AVITA Medical’s equity incentive plans, and suspension or termination of your 
employment for cause. In addition, insider trading violations are aggressively 
pursued by relevant government agencies and violators may be subject to significant 
legal penalties, including criminal and civil fines and/or imprisonment, under 
applicable securities law. The same legal penalties apply to those who tip information 
even if they did not actually trade or benefit. 
 
APPLICABLE LAWS 
 
Applicable law may vary according to the jurisdiction in which AVITA Medical 
operates and where the applicable transaction occurs. The jurisdictions and 
applicable laws therein of significance to most persons covered by this Policy as of 
the date hereof, include (but may not be limited to): 
 
• Australia: Corporations Act 2001 (Cth): prohibited conduct by persons in 
possession of inside information (1043A), use of position and use of 
information (ss 182-183), market manipulation (ss1041A), and false or 
misleading statements (s 1041E); and 
 
• United States: Securities Act of 1933, as amended; the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended; the rules and regulations thereunder, and case law 
interpreting the same. 
 
A summary of the insider trading laws and regulations in Australia applicable as of 
the date of this Policy are provided as Appendix 1 to this Policy. These laws may 
change over time or may be subject to new interpretations by relevant courts or 
administrative bodies. AVITA Medical undertakes no obligation to update the legal 
summary attached to this Policy or to advise of changes relative to such laws and 
regulations. You are expected to keep yourself familiar with your legal obligations 
and to fully comply with those obligations. You are encouraged to retain your own 
legal counsel in the event you have any question regarding the application of 
applicable law to your specific situation. 
 
ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF RECEIPT AND UNDERSTANDING OF THIS POLICY 
 
All directors, officers, and employees of AVITA Medical, as well as any consultants, 
contractors, or other individuals retained by AVITA Medical who are in possession of 
material non-public information, as well as Designated Persons, must certify that 
For personal use only

  
they have received a copy of this Policy and that they understand its contents. In 
addition, each Designated Person must inform their Restricted Persons of their 
obligations under this Policy. 
 
 
LODGING/FILING POLICY WITH GOVERNMENT AGENCY 
 
This Policy will be lodged or filed with any government agency where the law in that 
particular jurisdiction requires it. 
For personal use only

  
Appendix 1 
AUSTRALIAN LAWS 
The following summary is intended to provide you with an overview of applicable 
Australian securities laws and to highlight important requirements. The law in this 
area is complex and this Appendix does not cover every issue or situation. You 
should consult your own legal counsel as issues arise, and you should make yourself 
familiar with applicable legal requirements and with the requirements of the AVITA 
Medical Insider Trading and Securities Dealing Policy (“Policy”). In addition, you may 
wish to obtain your own legal advice or financial advice before you trade in 
securities. As used in this Appendix, AVITA Medical is referred to as the “Company”. 
 
The Policy does not in any way limit your obligations under applicable law. In 
addition, you are required to comply with all provisions of the Policy even if the laws 
of any applicable jurisdiction do not prevent you from acting in that way, or do not 
specifically require a certain provision of the Policy. 
 
Should you have any questions regarding the information contained in this Appendix 
1, please contact the General Counsel. 
 
INSIDER TRADING 
 
Section 1043A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (“Corporations Act”) prohibits 
insider trading. The section applies where a person is in possession of information 
and: 
 
• 
the information is not generally available; 
• 
a reasonable person would have expected that information to have a 
material effect on the price or value of a security if it was generally 
available; 
 
• 
the person knew, or ought reasonably to have known, that the information 
was not generally available and if it were so, a reasonable person would 
expect it to affect the price or value of the security. 
 
If the section applies, it is an offence for the person to: 
 
(a) 
whether as a principal or agent subscribe for, or enter into an agreement 
to subscribe for, purchase or sell, securities; 
 
(b) 
procure another person to subscribe for, purchase or sell securities; and 
 
(c) 
communicate information to another person with the knowledge that the 
person will or is likely to do (a) or (b). 
 
For the purposes of section 1043A, information is “generally available” where the 
information is either readily observable or made known in a manner that would bring 
it to the attention of people who commonly invest in securities of the kind whose 
price or value would be affected by the information. 
For personal use only

  
Section 1043A of the Corporations Act does not require that the insider be 
connected with the company whose securities are traded. It is sufficient that the 
person has information that is not generally available and has undertaken one of the 
acts prescribed above. 
 
The penalties for breach of the statutory prohibitions of the Corporations Act may 
result in: 
 
• 
criminal liability – penalties include heavy fines and imprisonment of up to 
10 years; 
 
• 
civil liability – including being sued by another party or the Company for 
any loss resulting from illegal trading activities; and 
 
• 
civil penalty provisions – the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission may seek civil penalties against you personally and may even 
seek a court order that you be disqualified from managing a corporation. 
 
PROHIBITION ON IMPROPER USE OF INFORMATION 
 
Use of information obtained as a director, officer, or employee of the Company for 
the person’s own gain may breach duties of confidence and of good faith owed to 
the Company under Australian corporate law. Sections 182 and 183 of the 
Corporations Act prohibit directors, officers, and employees of a company from 
making improper use of their position as a director, officer or employee or 
information gained by virtue of that position to gain directly or indirectly an 
advantage for him or herself or for any other person or to cause detriment to the 
Company. Contravention of sections 182 and 183 may render a director, officer, or 
employee liable for a monetary penalty or imprisonment. 
 
MARKET MANIPULATION 
 
Section 1041A of the Corporations Act prohibits certain transactions that have the 
effect of creating an artificial price or maintaining prices at an artificial level. 
 
Section 1041B of the Corporations Act prohibits any action or omission which is 
calculated to create a false or misleading appearance of active trading in any 
securities on a stock market, or to create a false or misleading appearance 
concerning the market for or the price of such securities. The section prohibits 
certain conduct, including purchases or sales of securities which do not involve a 
change in the beneficial ownership of the securities, and which influence the market 
price of the securities. 
 
FALSE OR MISLEADING STATEMENTS 
 
Section 1041E of the Corporations Act prohibits making a statement or disseminating 
information that is false in a material particular or materially misleading and is likely 
to induce the sale or purchase of or subscription for securities or to affect the market 
price of the securities where a person does not care whether the statement is true 
or false or knows or ought reasonably to have known that the statement or 
information was false in a material particular or materially misleading. 
For personal use only

  
 
Section 1041F of the Corporations Act prohibits a person from inducing another 
person to deal in securities: by making or publishing a statement, promise or forecast 
if the person knows, or is reckless as to whether, the statement is misleading, false 
or deceptive; or 
 
• 
by dishonest concealment of material facts; or 
• 
by recording or storing information that the person knows to be false or 
misleading in a material particular or materially misleading, if: 
 
o the information is recorded or stored in, or by means of, a mechanical, 
electronic or other device; and 
 
o when the information was recorded or stored, the person had 
reasonable grounds for expecting that it would be available to the other 
person, or a class of persons that includes the other person. 
 
 
For personal use only
