Securities Dealing Policy 
Aura Consolidated Group, Inc. 
Adopted by the Board on 23 May 2026 
For personal use only

 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
page 1
 
1 
What is this Policy about? 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
• 
ensure that public confidence is maintained in the reputation of Aura 
Consolidated Group, Inc (Company) and its subsidiaries (Group), directors and 
employees of the Group and in the trading of the Company’s securities; 
• 
outline the policy and procedures that apply to directors and employees when 
dealing in the Company’s securities; and  
• 
recognise that some types of dealing in securities are prohibited by law. 
The Company will take a substance over form approach and will have regard to the intent 
and spirit of this Policy when applying and enforcing it.  
This Policy is designed to ensure compliance with both Australian and US securities laws, 
including the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Australian Corporations Act), ASX Listing 
Rules, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (US Exchange Act).  
In this Policy, a reference to ‘securities’ means common stock, bonds, notes, 
debentures, warrants, equity and other convertible securities, and derivative securities 
relating to the Company’s common stock such as put and call options (whether or not 
issued by the Company) and convertible debentures or preferred stock, as well as 
CHESS Depository Interests (CDIs) (as defined in the ASX Listing Rules), debt securities 
such as bonds and notes and any other securities the Company may issue from time to 
time. 
2 
Who must comply with this Policy? 
This Policy applies to all Directors and officers of the Company and Group employees, 
entities controlled by such persons, and consultants and independent contractors 
engaged by the Group (collectively, Employees). 
Individuals subject to this policy are responsible for ensuring that members of their 
household comply with this policy. 
Certain parts of this Policy apply only to Restricted Persons who, for the purposes of 
this Policy, are: 
• 
directors of the Company; 
• 
other key management personnel of the Group (including the CEO and any 
other direct reports to the CEO) (Senior Executives); and 
• 
other persons who regularly possess inside information and who have been 
advised by the Company Secretary that they are subject to special restrictions 
under this Policy (Nominated Employees). 
Restricted Persons must also take steps in relation to dealings by their Connected 
Persons. See section 4.7 for further information in relation to Connected Persons. 
For personal use only

 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
page 2
 
3 
Restrictions applying to all Employees 
3.1 
No dealing while in possession of Inside Information 
Employees must not deal in the Company’s securities (or procure another person to deal 
in the Company’s Securities), if: 
• 
they are aware of Inside Information in relation to the Company or any other 
company that was obtained in connection with their employment or service to 
the Company; or 
• 
the Company has notified Employees that they must not deal in securities 
(either for a specified period, or until the Company gives further notice). 
Inside Information is information that: 
• 
is not generally available to the market (referred to as "non-public" information 
under US federal securities law); and  
• 
if it were generally available to the market, a reasonable person would expect it 
to have a material effect (upwards or downwards) on the price or value of a 
security; or 
• 
there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it 
important in making an investment decision (referred to as "material 
information" under US federal securities law). 
Information is ‘generally available to the market’ if: 
• 
it consists of a readily observable matter; 
• 
it has been made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, bring it to 
the attention of people who commonly invest in the relevant securities (for 
example, released as an ASX announcement, a US Securities and Exchange 
Commission filing or a press release) and at least two full trading days have 
passed since the information was made known; or 
• 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from either 
or both of the kinds of generally available information described above. 
Inside Information may include matters of supposition, matters that are not yet certain 
and matters relating to a person’s intentions. 
Section 6 contains further details regarding the scope of the insider trading laws. 
3.2 
The Front Page Test 
It is important that public confidence in the Group is maintained. It would be damaging to 
the Group’s reputation if the market or the general public perceived that Employees might 
be taking advantage of their position in the Group to make financial gains (by dealing in 
securities on the basis of Inside Information).  
As a guiding principle, Employees should ask themselves: 
If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to be 
taking advantage of my position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the 
transaction were reported on the front page of the newspaper? (The Front Page Test) 
If the Employee is unsure, he or she should consult the Company Secretary. 
Where any approval is required for a dealing under this Policy, approval will not be 
granted where the dealing would not satisfy the Front Page Test. 
For personal use only

 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
page 3
 
3.3 
No short-term or speculative dealing 
Employees must not deal in the Company’s securities on a short-term trading basis. 
Short-term trading includes buying and selling securities on market within a 3 month 
period, and entering into other short term dealings (for example, forward contracts).  
Selling stock received on vesting of entitlements under an employee, executive or 
director equity plan within 3 months of the vesting date is not a short-term dealing. 
Employees must not deal in the Company’s securities on a speculative basis, including 
short-selling. Short selling involves borrowing and selling securities in the hope that they 
can be bought back at a lower price in the future to close out the short position at a profit. 
3.4 
Hedging of Company securities 
Hedging includes entering into any arrangements that operate to limit the economic risk 
associated with holding the Company’s securities. 
Company securities acquired under an employee, executive or director equity plan 
operated by the Company must never be hedged prior to vesting.  
Company securities must never be hedged while they are subject to a holding lock or 
restriction on dealing under the terms of an employee, executive or director equity plan 
operated by the Company. 
3.5 
Dealing in other companies’ securities 
Employees may come into possession of Inside Information regarding another company 
where they are directly involved in client relationship management or negotiating 
contracts. For example, an employee may become aware that the Group is about to sign 
a major agreement with another company. 
Employees must not deal in the securities in another company if they are aware of Inside 
Information in relation to that company, no matter how they came into possession of the 
Inside Information.  
3.6 
Communicating inside information 
Employees must not directly or indirectly communicate Inside Information to (i) anyone 
outside the Company unless in compliance with the Company’s policies regarding 
confidential information, or (ii) anyone within the Company except on a need-to-know 
basis.  
4 
Additional restrictions applying to Restricted Persons 
4.1 
No dealing in blackout periods 
Restricted Persons must not deal in Company securities during the following blackout 
periods:  
• 
the period from the end of the Company’s financial year to the publication of the 
Company’s full year results announcement to ASX;  
• 
the period from the end of the company’s half year to the publication of the 
company’s half-year results announcement to ASX;  
For personal use only

 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
page 4
 
• 
the period beginning on the 15th day of the last month of each fiscal quarter and 
ending after completion of the second trading day after the earnings release for 
that quarter; and 
• 
any other period that the Board specifies from time to time. 
4.2 
Exceptional circumstances 
If a Restricted Person needs to deal in securities during a blackout period due to 
exceptional circumstances and is not in possession of any Inside Information, then, they 
may apply for approval to deal. Exceptional circumstances are likely to include severe 
financial hardship or compulsion by court order. 
Approval to deal will only be granted if the Restricted Person’s application is 
accompanied by sufficient evidence (in the opinion of the person providing clearance) 
that the dealing is the most reasonable course of action available in the circumstances.  
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this section 4.2 
must comply with the other sections of this Policy (to the extent applicable). 
4.3 
Approval required for dealing outside blackout periods 
(a) 
During any period that is not a trading blackout period under section 4.1, 
Restricted Persons must, prior to any proposed dealing, seek approval for the 
proposed dealing in the Company’s securities.  
(b) 
There are certain times during the year when approval under this Policy is more 
likely to be granted. These are the 4 week periods immediately following: 
(1) 
the day after release of the Company’s full-year results; and 
(2) 
the day after release of the Company’s half-year results;  
Restricted Persons who wish to seek approval to trade under this Policy are 
encouraged to do so during these periods. Trading at any time (even if approval 
has been obtained under this Policy) remains subject to insider trading laws, 
including under the Australian Corporations Act laws and the US Exchange Act. 
4.4 
Written request process  
(a) 
Requests for approval under 4.2 or 4.3 should be submitted to the Company 
Secretary, who will forward it to: 
(1) 
the CEO (in the case of Nominated Employees or Senior Executives); 
(2) 
the Chair of the Board (in the case of the CEO or other Directors);  
(3) 
the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee (in the case of the Chair of 
the Board).  
For any other Restricted Person, the Company Secretary can determine 
whether the request should be approved, in consultation with the CEO or any 
other member of management as appropriate. 
(b) 
A request for approval to deal will be answered as soon as practicable. The 
approver, having consulted with members of management as appropriate, may:  
(1) 
grant or refuse the request; 
(2) 
impose conditions on the dealing in their discretion. 
For personal use only

 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
page 5
 
(c) 
The approver is not obliged to provide reasons for any aspect of their decision, 
and may revoke their approval at any time. If a request is not approved or an 
approval is revoked, that fact must be kept confidential. 
(d) 
Following receipt of approval to deal, the approved dealing must occur within 
three (3) business days following approval (or such other time specified in the 
approval), otherwise the approval is no longer effective and fresh approval must 
be sought. 
(e) 
Approval under this Policy is not an endorsement of the dealing and does not 
constitute legal advice that a proposed transaction complies with applicable law. 
Personnel are responsible for their own compliance with the law. Further, 
approval under this Policy will not result in liability to the Company or any other 
person if delayed or withheld.  
4.5 
Margin lending arrangements 
(a) 
Employees must not pledge Company securities as collateral for a loan, 
purchase Company securities on margin (i.e., borrowing money to purchase the 
securities), or place Company securities in a margin account. Approval of any 
such transactions must be obtained in accordance with the procedure set out in 
section 4.4.  
(b) 
The Company may, at its discretion, make any approval granted in accordance 
with section 4.5(a) conditional upon such terms and conditions as the Company 
sees fit (for example, with regard to the circumstances in which the Company’s 
securities may be sold to satisfy a margin call). 
4.6 
Directors – confirmation of trade required 
Following any trade, any Director or Restricted Person must promptly notify the Company 
Secretary, ideally by close of business on the day the trade is entered. This is to assist 
the Company to comply with its disclosure obligations under the ASX Listing Rules and 
applicable US securities laws. 
4.7 
Connected Persons 
Restricted Persons must take appropriate steps to ensure that their “Connected Persons” 
only deal in securities in circumstances where the Restricted Person to whom they are 
connected would be permitted to deal under this Policy. For example, by obtaining 
clearance in accordance with this Policy in respect of the Connected Persons’ dealings.  
Connected Persons are: 
• 
a family member who may reasonably be expected to influence, or be 
influenced by, the Restricted Person in his or her dealings with the Company or 
Company securities (this may include the Restricted Person’s spouse, partner 
and children, the children of the Restricted Person’s partner, dependants of the 
Restricted Person or the Restricted Person’s partner, or members of the 
Restricted Person’s household); and 
• 
a company or any other entity which the Restricted Person has an ability to 
control.  
For personal use only

 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
page 6
 
5 
Excluded Dealings 
Sections 3.3, 4.1 and 4.3 of this Policy do not apply to:  
(a) 
participation in an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by the 
Company (including the exercise of stock option awards and any “net 
settlement” transaction between the Company and an Employee). However, 
where securities in the Company granted under an employee, executive or 
director equity plan cease to be held under the terms of that plan, any dealings 
in those securities (for example any sale of stock received on vesting of 
restricted stock options, or a cashless exercise of options that involves selling a 
portion of underlying stock to cover the costs of the exercise) must only occur in 
accordance with this Policy; 
(b) 
the following categories of trades: 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a dividend reinvestment 
plan; 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a stock purchase plan 
available to all retail stockholders; 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a rights issue; and  
• 
the disposal of Company securities through merger consideration, the 
acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme of arrangement or equal 
access buy-back;  
(c) 
dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the 
securities (for example, transfers of Company securities already held into a 
superannuation fund or trust of which the Employee is a beneficiary); 
(d) 
trading under a pre-approved non-discretionary trading plan, where the 
Employee did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a blackout 
period, the plan does not permit the Employee to exercise any influence or 
discretion in relation to trading under the plan and the plan cannot be cancelled 
during a blackout period, other than in exceptional circumstances; and  
(e) 
a disposal of securities of the Company that is the result of a secured lender 
exercising their rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement.  
However, given such dealings remain subject to the insider trading rules in the 
Australian Corporations Act and, as applicable, the US Exchange Act, Employees should 
still consider any legal or reputational issues (and discuss any concerns they have with 
the Company Secretary) before proceeding with the dealing. 
6 
What are the rules about insider trading? 
(a) 
Broadly speaking, the Australian Corporations Act provides that a person who 
has Inside Information about a company must not:  
(1) 
buy or sell securities in a company, or enter in an agreement to buy or 
sell securities, or exercise options over securities, or otherwise apply 
for, acquire or dispose of securities (deal);  
(2) 
encourage someone else to deal in securities in that company; or  
(3) 
directly or indirectly provide that information to another person where 
they know, or ought to know, that that person is likely to deal in 
For personal use only

 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
page 7
 
securities or encourage someone else to deal in securities of that 
company (tipping).  
These restrictions apply to all securities, not just the Company’s securities. Note 
that the Australian Corporations Act prohibitions apply to conduct that occurs 
elsewhere in the world, not just conduct that occurs in Australia.  The United 
States and other jurisdictions have similar securities laws intended to prevent 
insider trading. Employees are responsible for understanding and complying 
with all applicable securities laws governing their dealings. 
7 
What happens if this Policy is breached? 
Breaches of this Policy will be regarded by the Company as serious and will be subject to 
appropriate sanctions. Any person who is suspected of breaching this Policy may be 
suspended from attending the workplace on full pay pending the outcome of 
investigations into the alleged breach. Any person who breaches this Policy could face 
disciplinary action (including forfeiture of securities and/or suspension or termination of 
employment). 
Breaches of the insider trading laws have serious consequences for both the personnel 
concerned and the Company. Penalties under the Australian Corporations Act include 
financial penalties and imprisonment. Under US federal securities law, violation of this 
Policy may result in both civil and criminal penalties, including substantial fines and 
imprisonment. 
If you possess Inside Information when your employment by or service to the Company 
terminates, the restrictions set forth in this Policy continue to apply until that information 
has become public or is no longer material. 
You may be asked to periodically certify your compliance with the terms and provisions of 
this Policy.  
8 
Who should I contact? 
Employees should contact the Company Secretary if they are unsure about whether it is 
acceptable to deal or communicate with others in relation to the Company’s securities or 
other securities or if they have any other queries about this Policy. 
For personal use only
