Artrya Limited 
ABN 53 624 005 741 
Suite 14A Level 3 88 Broadway  
Crawley WA 6009 Australia 
www.artrya.com 
 
 
 
Coronary Artery Disease. We see you. 
 
GV-P-010 Ver0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing 
Policy 
 
Artrya Limited  
 
 
 
Adopted by the Board on 23 September 2021 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
GV-P-010 Ver0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
1 
What Is this Policy about? 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
• 
ensure that public confidence is maintained in the reputation of the Company, Directors and 
Employees of the Company and in the trading of the Company’s securities; 
• 
outline the policy and procedures that apply to Directors and Employees when dealing in the 
Company’s securities; and 
• 
recognise that some types of dealing in securities are prohibited by law. 
The Company will take a substance over form approach and will have regard to the intent and spirit of this Policy 
when applying and enforcing it. 
2 
Who must comply with this Policy? 
This Policy applies to all directors and employees of the Company (collectively, Employees). 
Certain parts of this Policy apply only to Restricted Persons who, for the purposes of this Policy, are: 
• 
Directors; 
• 
other key management personnel of the Company and direct reports to the Managing Director (Senior 
Executives); and 
• 
other persons who regularly possess inside information and who have been advised by the Company 
Secretary that they are subject to special restrictions under this Policy (Nominated Employees). 
Restricted Persons must also take steps in relation to dealings by their Connected Persons. See section 4.9 for 
further information in relation to Connected Persons. 
3 
Restrictions applying to all Employees 
3.1 
No dealing while in possession of Inside Information 
Employees must not deal in the Company’s securities if: 
• 
they are aware of Inside Information in relation to the Company; or 
• 
the Company has notified Employees that they must not deal in securities (either for a specified period, 
or until the Company gives further notice). 
Inside Information is information that: 
• 
is not generally available to the market; and 
• 
if it were generally available to the market, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect 
(upwards or downwards) on the price or value of a security. 
Inside Information may include matters of supposition, matters that are not yet certain and matters relating to 
a person’s intentions. 
Section 6 contains further details regarding the scope of the insider trading laws. 
3.2 
The Front Page Test 
It is important that public confidence in the Company is maintained. It would be damaging to the Company’s 
reputation if the market or the general public perceived that Employees might be taking advantage of their 
position in the Company to make financial gains (by dealing in securities on the basis of Inside Information). 
As a guiding principle, Employees should ask themselves: 
For personal use only

 
GV-P-010 Ver0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to be taking advantage of my 
position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the transaction were reported on the front page of the 
newspaper? (The Front Page Test) 
If the Employee is unsure, they should consult the Company Secretary. 
Where any approval is required for a dealing under this Policy, approval will not be granted where the dealing 
would not satisfy the Front Page Test. 
3.3 
Dealing In other companies' securities 
Employees may come into possession of Inside Information regarding another Company where they are directly 
involved in client relationship management or negotiating contracts. For example, an Employee may become 
aware that the Company is about to sign a major agreement with another company. 
Employees must not deal in the securities in another company if they are aware of Inside Information in relation 
to that company, no matter how they came into possession of the Inside Information. 
4 
Additional restrictions applying to Restricted Persons 
4.1 
No dealing in blackout periods 
Restricted Persons must not deal in Company securities during any of the following blackout periods: 
• 
from the close of the ASX trading day on 31 December each year, until 10.00 am (Sydney time) on the 
ASX trading day following the day on which the Company’s half-yearly results are released to ASX;  
• 
from the close of the ASX trading day on 30 June each year, until 10.00 am (Sydney time) on the ASX 
trading day following the day on which the Company’s full-year results are released to ASX; and 
• 
any other period that the Board specifies from time to time. Directors and restricted employees must 
receive prior approval for any proposed dealing in the Company’s securities outside of the above 
blackout periods (including any proposed dealing by one of their connected persons). 
4.2 
Exceptional circumstances 
If a Restricted Person needs to deal in securities during a blackout period due to exceptional circumstances 
and is not in possession of any Inside Information, then, they may apply for approval to deal. Exceptional 
circumstances are likely to include severe financial hardship or compulsion by court order. 
Approval to deal will only be granted if the Restricted Person’s application is accompanied by sufficient 
evidence (in the opinion of the person providing clearance) that the dealing is the most reasonable course of 
action available in the circumstances. 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this section 4.2 must comply with the 
other sections of this Policy (to the extent applicable). 
4.3 
Approval required for dealing outside blackout periods 
(a) During any period that is not a trading blackout period under section 4.1 Restricted Persons must, prior 
to any proposed dealing, seek approval for the proposed dealing in the Company’s securities. 
Trading at any time (even if approval has been obtained under this Policy) remains subject to the insider trading 
prohibition in the Corporations Act. 
 
For personal use only

 
GV-P-010 Ver0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4 
4.4 
Written request process 
(a) Requests for approval under 4.2 or 4.3 should be submitted to the Company Secretary, who will forward 
it to: 
(1) the Managing Director (MD) (in the case of Nominated Employees or Senior Executives); 
(2) the Chair of the Board (in the case of the MD or other Directors); 
(3) the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee (in the case of the Chair of the Board). 
(b) A request for approval to deal will be answered as soon as practicable. The approver, having consulted 
with members of management as appropriate, may: 
(1) grant or refuse the request; 
(2) impose conditions on the dealing in their discretion. 
(c) The approver is not obliged to provide reasons for any aspect of their decision and may revoke their 
approval at any time. If a request is not approved or an approval is revoked, that fact must be kept 
confidential. 
(d) Following receipt of approval to deal, the approved dealing must occur within 10 business days 
following approval (or such other time specified in the approval), otherwise the approval is no longer 
effective and fresh approval must be sought. 
(e) Approval under this Policy is not an endorsement of the dealing. Personnel are responsible for their 
own compliance with the law. 
4.5 
Margin lending arrangements 
(a) Approval must be obtained in accordance with the procedure set out in section 4.4 for: 
(1) entering into a margin lending arrangement in respect of the Company’s securities; and 
(2) transferring securities in the Company into an existing margin loan account. 
(b) The Company may, at its discretion, make any approval granted in accordance with section 4.5(a) 
conditional upon such terms and conditions as the Company sees fit (for example, with regard to the 
circumstances in which the Company’s securities may be sold to satisfy a margin call). 
4.6 
No short-term or speculative dealing 
Restricted Persons must not deal in the Company’s securities on a short-term trading basis. Short-term trading 
includes buying and selling securities on market within a 3 month period and entering into other short term 
dealings (for example, forward contracts). 
Selling shares received on vesting of entitlements under an Employee, Executive or Director Equity Plan within 
3 months of the vesting date is not a short-term dealing. 
Restricted Persons must not deal in the Company’s securities on a speculative basis, including short-selling. 
Short selling involves borrowing and selling securities in the hope that they can be bought back at a lower price 
in the future to close out the short position at a profit. 
4.7 
Hedging of Company securities 
Hedging includes entering into any arrangements that operate to limit the economic risk associated with holding 
the Company’s securities. 
Company securities acquired by a Restricted Person under an employee, executive or Director equity plan 
operated by the Company must never be hedged prior to vesting. 
Company securities must never be hedged while they are subject to a holding lock or restriction on dealing 
under the terms of an Employee, Executive or Director equity plan operated by the Company by a Restricted 
Person. 
For personal use only

 
GV-P-010 Ver0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 
4.8 
Directors - confirmation of trade required 
Following any trade, Directors must promptly notify the Company Secretary, ideally by close of business on the 
day the trade is entered into. This is to assist the Company to comply with its disclosure obligations under the 
ASX Listing Rules. 
4.9 
Connected Persons 
Restricted Persons must take appropriate steps to ensure that their “Connected Persons” only deal in securities 
in circumstances where the Restricted Person to whom they are connected would be permitted to deal under 
this Policy. For example, by obtaining clearance in accordance with this Policy in respect of the Connected 
Persons’ dealings. 
Connected Persons are:  
• 
a family member who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, the Restricted Person in his 
or her dealings with the Company or Company securities (this may include the Restricted Person’s 
spouse, partner and children, the children of the Restricted Person’s partner, or dependants of the 
Restricted Person or the Restricted Person’s partner);  
• 
a company or any other entity which the Restricted Person has an ability to control. 
This clause does not apply to family members who are financially independent from the Restricted Person). 
5 
Excluded Dealings 
Sections 4.1, 4.3 and 4.6 of this Policy do not apply to: 
(a) participation in an Employee, Executive or Director Equity Plan operated by the Company. However, 
where securities in the Company granted under an Employee, Executive or Director Equity Plan cease 
to be held under the terms of that plan, any dealings in those securities must only occur in accordance 
with this Policy; 
(b) the following categories of trades: 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a dividend reinvestment plan; 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a share purchase plan available to all retail 
shareholders; 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a rights issue; and 
• 
the disposal of Company securities through the acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme of 
arrangement or equal access buy-back; 
• 
the exercise or automatic conversion of options or other convertible rights issued under an 
Employee, Executive or Director Equity Plan (but not the disposal of the underlying share 
following exercise or conversion); 
• 
an acquisition, or agreement to acquire, or grants, allocations or vesting of shares, rights or 
awards under an Employee, Executive or Director Equity Plan (but not the disposal of the 
underlying share following exercise or conversion); 
(c) dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the securities (for example, 
transfers of Company securities already held into a superannuation fund or trust of which the Employee 
is a beneficiary); 
(d) trading under a pre-approved non-discretionary trading plan, where the Employee did not enter into 
the plan or amend the plan during a blackout period, the plan does not permit the Employee to exercise 
any influence or discretion in relation to trading under the plan and the plan cannot be cancelled during 
a blackout period, other than in exceptional circumstances; and 
For personal use only

 
GV-P-010 Ver0 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 
(e) a disposal of securities of the Company that is the result of a Secured Lender exercising their rights, for 
example, under a margin lending arrangement. 
However, given such dealings remain subject to the insider trading rules in the Corporations Act, Employees 
should still consider any legal or reputational issues (and discuss any concerns they have with the Company 
Secretary) before proceeding with the dealing. 
6 
What are the rules about insider trading? 
Broadly speaking, the Corporations Act provides that a person who has Inside Information about a company 
must not: 
(a) buy or sell securities in a company, or enter in an agreement to buy or sell securities, or exercise options 
over securities, or otherwise apply for, acquire or dispose of securities (deal); 
(b) encourage someone else to deal in securities in that company; or 
(c) directly or indirectly provide that information to another person where they know, or ought to know, 
that that person is likely to deal in securities or encourage someone else to deal in securities of that 
company (tipping). 
These restrictions apply to all securities, not just the Company’s securities. 
7 
What happens if this Policy Is breached? 
Breaches of this Policy will be regarded by the Company as serious and will be subject to appropriate sanctions. 
Any person who is suspected of breaching this Policy may be suspended from attending the workplace on full 
pay pending the outcome of investigations into the alleged breach. Any person who breaches this Policy could 
face disciplinary action (including forfeiture of securities and/or suspension or termination of employment). 
Breaches of the insider trading laws have serious consequences for both the Employee concerned and the 
Company. Penalties under the Corporations Act include financial penalties and imprisonment. 
8 
Who should I contact? 
Employees should contact the Company Secretary if they are unsure about whether it is acceptable to deal or 
communicate with others in relation to the Company’s securities or other securities or if they have any other 
queries about this Policy. 
9 
Reviewing and maintaining the Policy 
The Policy is to be reviewed at least every two years to ensure reports or breaches are appropriately recorded, 
investigated and responded to, that it continues to operate effectively and confirm whether any changes are 
required to the Policy. 
For personal use only
