PAGE 1 OF 1 
SHARE TRADING POLICY 
BCI Minerals Limited (ASX:BCI) (BCI or the Company) provides the attached copy of its revised Share 
Trading Policy in accordance with Listing Rule 12.10. A copy of the Share Trading Policy is available on 
the corporate governance section of the Company’s website at www.bciminerals.com.au. 
-END- 
This ASX announcement has been authorised for release by the Joint Company Secretaries. 
For further information: 
Tammie Miller 
BCI Minerals Ltd – Head of People and External Affairs 
T: +61 409 293 277 
E: communications@bciminerals.com.au 
ASX Release  
24 November 2025
For personal use only

 
1     |   Share Trading Policy 
Doc No.: BCI-LEG-POL-002 Rev 2
 
 
1. 
PURPOSE  
This document sets out BCI Minerals Limited’s (Company) policy regarding trading in the Company's 
securities which includes shares, options, performance rights, share rights, warrants, debentures and 
any other securities on issue from time to time (Company's securities).  If you do not understand any 
part of this policy or the summary of the law, or how it applies to you, you should raise the matter with 
your manager or the Company Secretary before trading in any securities covered by this policy. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS   
Word 
Definition 
Approving Officer 
Has the meaning given to that term in section 4.5. 
ASX Listing Rules 
Listing Rules of the Australian Securities Exchange. 
Blackout Periods 
Has the meaning given to that term in section 4.3 of this policy. 
Company 
BCI Minerals Limited and its subsidiaries.  
Company Secretary 
The person appointed in the role of the Company Secretary, as notified by 
the Company to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission 
from time to time. 
Company's securities 
Has the meaning given to that term in section 1 of this policy. 
Connected Persons 
Has the meaning given to that term in section 3 of this policy.  
Corporations Act 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Inside Information 
Has the meaning given to that term in section 4.2 of this policy. 
Restricted Persons  
Employees, officers, directors and contractors of the Company.  
SLT 
The BCI Senior Leadership Team. 
3. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
This document applies to all directors, officers, employees, and contractors of the Company 
(Restricted Persons). 
Aspects of this policy also extend to:  
a. 
a close family member who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, a Restricted Person 
in relation to trading in Company securities (this may include a spouse or child of the Restricted 
Person); and 
b. 
a company or other entity that the Restricted Person controls (this may include a family company, 
family trust or self-managed superannuation fund),  
(Connected Persons).   
Each Restricted Person must take reasonable steps to ensure his or her Connected Persons are aware 
of and comply with the restrictions in this policy that apply to them, and must not procure, encourage 
or assist a Connected Person to trade in breach of this policy. 
SHARE TRADING POLICY 
For personal use only

 
2     |   Share Trading Policy 
Doc No.: BCI-LEG-POL-002 Rev 2 
 
4. 
POLICY ON TRADING 
4.1 
No dealing while in possession of inside information 
Regardless of anything else in this policy, all Restricted Persons and Connected Persons in possession 
of inside information must not:  
a. 
deal in Company securities; nor 
b. 
directly or indirectly communicate the information, or cause the information to be communicated 
to another person if the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the other person would, 
or would be likely to, deal in the Company’s securities or procure a third person to deal in the 
Company’s securities,  
unless the Corporations Act excludes the dealing or communication from the relevant insider trading 
prohibition in section 1043A of the Corporations Act.  
4.2 
Inside information 
“Inside information” is information that is not generally available to the public and, if it was generally 
available, would be likely to have a material effect on the price or value of the Company’s securities.  
It may help to identify such information if Restricted Persons ask themselves whether the information 
would be likely to influence a person who commonly invests in securities in deciding whether to buy or 
sell the Company’s securities. 
Examples of inside information or unpublished price sensitive information about the Company include:  
a. 
a proposed major acquisition or disposal; 
b. 
material operational results or developments; 
c. 
a significant business development or a proposed change in the nature of the Company's 
business;  
d. 
details of material contracts that are being negotiated by the Company, including offtake contracts; 
e. 
financial performance of the Company against its budgets or forecasts;  
f. 
potential litigation that would have a substantial effect on the Company; 
g. 
a proposed issue of new shares; 
h. 
a proposed dividend;  
i. 
a major change to the Board or senior management; 
j. 
a proposal to undertake a major change in financing; and 
k. 
information being withheld in accordance with the exception to continuous disclosure in ASX 
Listing Rule 3.1A (for example, because it is confidential and incomplete, such as the status of 
contract negotiations). 
If Restricted Persons or Connected Persons have any doubt as to whether information is inside 
information, they should not deal in the Company’s securities. 
4.3 
Blackout Periods 
In addition to the prohibitions on insider trading set out in the Corporations Act and summarised above, 
the Company requires that Restricted Persons must not (and must take reasonable steps to ensure 
that Connected Persons do not) trade in the Company’s securities during the following periods: 
For personal use only

 
3     |   Share Trading Policy 
Doc No.: BCI-LEG-POL-002 Rev 2 
 
a. 
from the end of the half-year period and until 24 hours immediately following the release of the 
Company’s half-year financial results to the ASX; 
b. 
from the end of the full year period and until 24 hours immediately following the release of the 
Company’s annual financial results to the ASX; and 
c. 
from 15 days after the end of each March and September financial quarters and until 24 hours 
immediately following the release of the Company’s quarterly results for those financial quarters 
to the ASX,  
(Blackout Periods) unless the circumstances are exceptional and the procedure for prior written 
clearance described in clause 4.4 below has been met. 
The Board may impose additional Blackout Periods by written notice to Restricted Persons without 
explanation of the reason for imposing the Blackout Period.  
For the sake of clarity, even if it is outside of a Blackout Period, Restricted Persons and Connected 
Persons must not deal in the Company’s securities if they are in possession of inside information 
(unless the Corporations Act excludes the dealing from the insider trading prohibition in section 1043A 
of the Corporations Act). 
4.4 
Procedure for approval to trade inside a Blackout Period in exceptional 
circumstances    
Restricted Persons and Connected Persons may deal in the Company’s securities inside a Blackout 
Period, subject to obtaining prior written clearance in accordance with the procedure described below, 
in the following exceptional circumstances: 
a. 
if the person granting the prior written clearance is satisfied that the person seeking the clearance 
does not possess unpublished price sensitive information about the Company and the person 
seeking clearance is in severe financial hardship; 
b. 
if the person granting the prior written clearance is satisfied that the person seeking the clearance 
does not possess unpublished price sensitive information about the Company and there are other 
circumstances deemed to be exceptional by the person granting the prior written clearance; or 
c. 
where dealing is required for compliance with a court order or court enforceable undertaking or for 
some other legal regulatory requirement.   
If Restricted Persons wish to deal or become aware that a Connected Person wishes to deal in the 
Company’s securities during a Blackout Period in the exceptional circumstances referred to above, the 
Restricted Person must first obtain prior written clearance from the Chair, or in his or her absence, the 
Managing Director and one other non-executive director.  
If the Chair wishes to deal in the Company’s securities during a Blackout Period in the exceptional 
circumstances referred to above, the Chair must first obtain prior written clearance from at least 2 other 
directors. 
4.5 
Procedure for approval to trade outside a Blackout Period 
If Restricted Persons or their Connected Persons wish to deal in Company securities during any period 
that is not a Blackout Period and they are not in possession of inside information, the Restricted Person 
must, prior to any proposed dealing of which they are aware, obtain prior written clearance from: 
a. 
in the case of employees and officers, the Managing Director or in his/her absence, the Chief 
Legal or Commercial Officer or Company Secretary; 
For personal use only

 
4     |   Share Trading Policy 
Doc No.: BCI-LEG-POL-002 Rev 2 
 
b. 
in the case of a director, the Chair or in his or her absence, the Managing Director; 
c. 
in the case of the Managing Director, the Chair or in his or her absence, two non-executive 
directors; 
d. 
in the case of the Chair, the Managing Director and one non-executive director,  
e. 
in the case of the Company Secretary, the Managing Director or in his or her absence, the Chair 
(each, an Approving Officer). 
A request for prior written clearance under this policy should be made in writing using the form Request 
to Trade in Company Securities. Once completed, this form must be submitted to the Approving Officer 
in person, by mail, or by email.  
Any clearance may be given or refused by the Approving Officer in his or her discretion, without giving 
any reasons. The Approving Officer’s decision is final and binding. The Approving Officer will not grant 
written clearance if the Company is likely, in the short term, to release a periodic financial report, other 
financial data or make an announcement of market sensitive information under ASX Listing Rule 3.1. 
Any written clearance granted under this policy will be valid for the period of 5 business days from the 
time in which it is given or such other period as may be determined by the Approving Officer. The 
written clearance may, however, be withdrawn by the Approving Officer if new information comes to 
light or there is a change in circumstances. 
Following any trade by a director or SLT member, or any trade of which they are aware by their 
Connected Persons, the relevant director or SLT member must notify the Company Secretary of the 
details of the trade within one business day of the trade having occurred.  
4.6 
Share trading not covered by this policy 
Subject always to compliance with the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act, the following 
dealings by Restricted Persons and Connected Persons are excluded from this policy:  
a. 
dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the securities (for example, 
transfers of the Company’s securities already held into a superannuation fund or trust of which the 
relevant person is a beneficiary); 
b. 
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only investing 
in the Company's securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the 
discretion of a third party; 
c. 
where a Restricted Person or Connected Person is a trustee, trading in the Company's securities 
by that trust provided the relevant Restricted Person or Connected Person is not a beneficiary of 
the trust and any decision to trade during a Blackout Period is taken by the other trustees or by 
the investment managers independently of the relevant Restricted Person or Connected Person; 
d. 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer (whether by way of takeover or 
scheme of arrangement); 
e. 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders of the Company, 
such as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and 
an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer 
has been approved by the Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the 
entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of 
entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
f. 
a disposal of the Company's securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, 
for example, under margin lending arrangements; 
For personal use only

 
5     |   Share Trading Policy 
Doc No.: BCI-LEG-POL-002 Rev 2 
 
g. 
the acquisition of Company securities under any employee incentive scheme, the exercise of 
options or conversion of rights under any employee incentive scheme, or the application or 
agreement to acquire Company securities under any employee incentive scheme. However: 
i 
this exclusion is subject to the timing of the acquisition, exercise or conversion being 
approved by, in the case of employees and officers, the Managing Director (or in their 
absence, the Chief Legal and Commercial Officer), or in the case of the Managing Director, 
the Chair; and 
ii 
any dealing in Company securities following acquisition remains subject to this policy and 
the provisions of the Corporations Act; and 
h. 
trading under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior written clearance has been provided 
in accordance with procedures set out in the trading policy and where: (i) the Restricted Person or 
Connected Person did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a Blackout Period; and (ii) 
the dealing plan does not permit the Restricted Person or Connected Person to exercise any 
influence or discretion over how, when or whether to deal.  
4.7 
Dealings in derivative products 
The prohibitions on dealing in the Company’s securities set out in this policy extend to dealing in 
financial products issued or created over or in respect of the Company’s securities. 
4.8 
Long term trading  
The Company encourages Restricted Persons and their Connected Persons to adopt a long-term 
attitude to their investment in the Company's securities. Consequently, Restricted Persons must not 
(and must take reasonable steps to ensure their Connected Persons do not) engage in short-term or 
speculative trading of the Company's securities (for example, buying and then selling Company 
securities within a three-month period, entering into forward contracts or short selling). 
4.9 
Prohibited transactions  
Restricted Persons must not (and must take reasonable steps to ensure their Connected Persons do 
not): 
a. 
enter into transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the economic risk of their security 
holding in the Company without first seeking and obtaining the written clearance from the 
appropriate Approving Officer;  
b. 
enter into agreements that provide lenders with rights over their interests in securities in the 
Company (such as margin loans or secured financing arrangements) without first seeking and 
obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate Approving Officer;  
c. 
put in place a non-discretionary trading plan in respect of their securities in the Company without 
first seeking and obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate Approving Officer. 
Restricted Persons must not (and must take reasonable steps to ensure their Connected Persons 
do not) cancel any such trading plan during a Blackout Period, unless the circumstances are 
exceptional and the procedure for prior written clearance has been met; or   
d. 
enter into transactions or arrangements which limit the economic risk of participating in unvested 
entitlements under any equity based remuneration schemes. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
6     |   Share Trading Policy 
Doc No.: BCI-LEG-POL-002 Rev 2 
 
 
4.10 
Disclosure to ASX  
The ASX Listing Rules require this policy to be disclosed to ASX. Where the Company makes a 
material change to this policy, the amended policy must be provided to ASX within 5 business days of 
the material changes taking effect. 
5. 
BREACH OF POLICY 
The breach of the insider trading provisions in the Corporations Act is a serious matter which may 
result in civil and/or criminal liability for the person involved in the breach, including substantial 
monetary fines and/or imprisonment, as well as significant reputational harm to the Company.  
Any non-compliance with this policy will be regarded as serious misconduct, which may entitle the 
Company to terminate a Restricted Person’s employment with the Company. 
6. 
REFERENCES 
The following documents form part of this policy framework and should be read in conjunction with this 
policy: 
• 
BCI-LEG-POL-007 Disclosure Policy 
• 
BCI-LEG-FRM-002 Request to Trade in Company Securities Form  
DOCUMENT CONTROL 
2 
17/11/2025 
Share Trading Policy  
R.  Mancini 
Board  
1 
13/07/2022 
Share Trading Policy  
S. Majteles and 
S. Park  
Board  
0 
25/06/2020 
Share Trading Policy 
S. Majteles and 
S. Hunter 
Board 
A 
05/02/2018 
Share Trading Policy 
R. Ventouras 
Board 
Version 
Date 
Description 
Author 
Approver 
DOCUMENT NUMBER: 
BCI-LEG-POL-002 
Total Pages: 6 
 
For personal use only
