 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
BSP Financial Group Limited 
 Incorporated in Papua New Guinea | ARBN 649 704 656  
  +675 305 6376  
  JLoh@bsp.com.pg  
 Section 34 Allotments 6 & 7, Klinki Street, Waigani Drive, Port Moresby, National Capital District 
 PO Box 78, Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea 
 www.bsp.com.pg  
Acting Company Secretary 
 
 
18th August 2023 
 
 
Ms. Nicola Lombardi  
ASX Limited 
Exchange Centre 
20 Bridge Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
 
By Electronic Lodgment  
 
 
Dear Ms. Lombardi,  
 
BSP Financial Group Limited – Revised Securities Dealing Policy 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, BSP Financial Group Limited (ASX: BFL | 
PNGX: BSP) provides to ASX a copy if its revised Securities Dealing Policy. 
 
 
Sincerely,  
BSP Financial Group Limited 
 
 
Jamie-Lee Loh 
Acting Company Secretary 
 
 
Enclosure 
For personal use only

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              
 
 
SECURITIES DEALING POLICY 
 
July 2023
For personal use only

 
 
  
Page 2 of 11 
 
Document Control 
Document Information 
 
Information 
File Name 
Securities Dealing Policy 
Policy Level 
Corporate Governance Policy 
Document Owner 
BSP Board 
Document Author 
Company Secretary 
Last Saved Date 
22/07/2023 
Document History 
 
Version 
Issue Date 
Changes 
1.0 
3/3/2017 
Original 
2.0 
26/3/2021 
Update to comply with ASX Listing Rules 
3.0 
21/06/2021 
Update to review trading windows and definition of 
“Restricted Persons” 
4.0 
22/07/2023 
 Scheduled review and amendments to align with 
Group Policy format and BPNG PS 300 
Document Approvals 
 
Name 
Signature / Approval 
Date 
Board Risk & Compliance 
Committee (BRCC) 
Meeting Minute 
1/3/2017 
BSP Group Board 
Meeting Minute 
3/3/2017 
Due Diligence Committee 
Meeting Minute 
26/3/2021 
BSP Board 
Meeting Minute 
16/7/2021 
Board Audit & Compliance 
Committee (BACC) 
Meeting Minute 
16/8/2023 
BSP Board 
Meeting Minute 
17/8/2023 
For personal use only

 
 
  
Page 3 of 11 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
INTRODUCTION 
4 
Mandate / Authority  
4 
Link to other Policies  
4 
OVERVIEW  
4 
Background  
4 
Objectives  
4 
Purpose  
4 
Definitions  
4 
Scope  
4 
Policy Statement 
5 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE POLICY  
5 
Insider Trading & Confidential Information  
5 
Trading Restrictions  
5 
Opening of Trading Windows  
6 
Prior Approval for dealing  
6 
Requirements after dealing 
6 
Exceptions for certain dealings  
7 
Exceptional circumstances & Waivers 
7 
Other Prohibitions  
8 
Exercise of Performance Rights  
8 
Dividend Reinvestment Plan  
8 
Consents & Notifications  
8 
Record Keeping  
9 
MAINTENANCE OF POLICY  
9 
APPENDIX A – GLORSSARY  
 
 
 
 
 
          10
For personal use only

 
  
Page 4 of 11 
SECURITIES DEALING POLICY 
 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
 
1.1 
Mandate / Authority 
 
1.1.1 
Under the Papua New Guinea Capital Market Act 2015, Australian Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth), PNGX Listing Rules, ASX Listing Rules, SPX Listing Rules and the listing rules of any 
other stock exchange on which Company Securities are listed (collectively, Listing Rules), 
the insider trading laws operate to prohibit people in possession of non-public price-sensitive 
information from dealing in securities or passing on the information to other people who may 
deal in securities. 
 
1.1.2 
The Board confers authority to Management to protect the reputation of BSP by significantly 
reducing the risk of non-compliance with BSP’s internal and external obligations, and to 
promote honesty and integrity through the efficient management of compliance risk. 
 
1.2 
Link to other policies 
 
This Policy should be read together with other BSP Group policies including the BSP Board 
Charter, the Corporate Governance Principles and Continuous Disclosure Policy.  
 
 
2. 
OVERVIEW  
 
2.1 
Background   
 
This document sets out the policy of BSP and BSP Group concerning dealing by Restricted 
Persons in Company Securities and securities of any other entities (Policy).  
 
2.2 
Objectives  
 
This Policy is intended to: 
 
(a) ensure that all Restricted Persons and any entities controlled by a Restricted Person (and 
their associates) are aware of the insider trading laws as they apply  to dealing in Company 
Securities;  
(b) protect the reputation of BSP, BSP Group and Restricted Persons by seeking to avoid the 
possibility that misconceptions, misunderstandings or suspicions might arise as  a result 
of dealing by Restricted Persons and others who may be, or be perceived to be, in 
possession of inside information; and 
(c) impose additional restrictions on dealing in securities by Restricted Persons.  
 
2.3 
Purpose  
 
2.3.1 
Restricted Persons are in positions where it may be assumed that they may come into 
possession of inside information and, as a result, any dealing by Restricted Persons (or 
their Closely Connected Persons) may embarrass or reflect badly on them or on BSP or BSP 
Group (even if a Restricted Person has no actual inside information at the time). 
 
2.3.2 
This Policy is designed to avoid the possibility that misconceptions, misunderstandings or 
suspicions might arise and also protect the reputation of BSP, BSP Group and Restricted 
Persons. 
 
2.4 
Definitions  
 
Refer to Appendix A – Glossary. Defined words are capitalized throughout the Policy.  
 
2.5 
Scope  
 
This Policy applies to all employees of BSP and BSP Group, including subsidiaries and joint 
ventures where BSP has a controlling interest. Where this Policy is inconsistent with an 
For personal use only

 
  
Page 5 of 11 
 
applicable law, regulation or prudential standard within a relevant jurisdiction, the Policy 
applies only to the extent applicable.  
 
2.6 
Policy Statement   
 
It is the policy of BSP and BSP Group to protect BSP’s reputation and ensure compliance 
with insider trading laws by establishing mechanisms wherein staff regarded as having 
access to Inside Information remain subject to additional restrictions on dealing in securities 
and do not use that Inside Information for self-gain.  
 
3. 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE POLICY  
 
3.1 
Insider Trading & Confidential Information 
 
3.1.1 
If one has any Inside Information about BSP or BSP Group (or another relevant entity, such 
as a company with which BSP or BSP Group is considering a transaction) which is not 
publicly known, it is a criminal offence for one to: 
 
(a) 
trade in Company Securities (or securities of the other relevant entity); 
(b) 
advise or procure another person to trade in Company Securities (or securities of the 
other relevant entity); or 
(c) 
pass on Inside Information to someone else (including colleagues, family or friends) 
knowing (or where you should have reasonably known) that the other person may, 
or is likely to, use that information to trade in, or procure someone else to trade 
in, Company Securities (or securities of the other relevant entity). 
 
3.1.2 
This offence, called "Insider Trading", bears the following consequences: 
 
(a) 
criminal liability including large fines and/or imprisonment; 
(b) 
a civil penalty (fine) of up to hundreds of thousands of kina or dollars; or 
(c) 
civil liability, which may include being sued for any loss suffered as a result of illegal 
trading. 
 
3.1.3 
The financial impact of the information is important, but strategic and other implications 
can be equally important in determining whether information is Inside Information. The 
definition of information is broad enough to include rumours, matters of supposition, 
intentions of a person (including BSP or BSP Group) and information which is insufficiently 
definite to warrant disclosure to the public. 
 
3.1.4 
Importantly, one need not be an "insider" to come across Inside Information. That is, it 
does not matter how one comes to know the Inside Information (for example, one could 
learn it in the course of carrying out one’s responsibilities or in passing in the corridor or in 
a lift or at a dinner party). 
 
3.1.5 
All Directors, Employees and Third Parties who have entered into a confidentiality 
agreement with BSP or BSP Group also have a duty of confidentiality to the entity and 
must not reveal any confidential information concerning BSP or BSP Group, use that 
information in any way which may injure or cause loss to BSP or BSP Group, or use that 
confidential information for self-gain. 
 
3.2 
Trading Restrictions  
 
3.2.1 
Each Restricted Person must ensure that: 
 
(a) 
any dealing by their Closely Connected Persons are undertaken in accordance with 
this Policy; and 
(b) 
his or her Closely Connected Persons are aware of this Policy and the restrictions it 
contains. 
 
3.2.2 
Restricted Persons must not deal in Company Securities: 
 
(a) 
without prior approval (see clause 3.4); and 
For personal use only

 
 
  
Page 6 of 11 
(b) 
unless it falls within one of the Trading Windows. 
 
3.2.3 
All periods that are not Trading Windows are “closed periods” for the purposes of the Listing 
Rules, during which time Restricted Persons are prohibited from dealing in Company 
Securities (subject to the exceptions set out in clauses 3.6 and 3.7). 
 
3.3 
Opening of Trading Windows 
 
3.3.1 
A Trading Window may be opened by a decision of the Board in consultation with the 
Company Secretary as designated under BSP's Continuous Disclosure Policy.  
 
3.3.2 
Once a Trading Window is opened, the Company Secretary shall: 
 
(a) 
issue written notification to Restricted Persons, either by email or by posting an 
announcement on BSP’s intranet site; and  
(b) 
notify the share registries and brokers accordingly. 
 
3.3.3 
Restricted Persons may not assume that a Trading Window is open, even after the relevant 
results announcement.   
 
3.3.4 
A Trading Window may be varied, suspended or withdrawn by the Board at any time. 
 
3.4 
Prior Approval for dealing 
 
3.4.1 
Before dealing in any Company Securities during a Trading Window and on the basis that 
the Restricted Persons do not possess any Inside Information, Restricted Persons must 
give notice and obtain approval as set out below.   
 
3.4.2 
Restricted Persons must notify BSP or BSP Group (whichever is applicable) in advance of 
any proposed dealing in Company Securities. The notification must be: 
 
(a) 
made in writing to the respective persons specified in clause 3.11 at least 5 
Business Days prior to the proposed dealing taking place; and 
(b) 
provide details of the proposed dealing; and 
(c) 
contain any additional information or confirmation that may be requested by the 
Company Secretary (or company secretary of the respective subsidiary, as the case 
may be) from time to time; and 
(d) 
confirm that the Restricted Person does not hold any Inside Information. 
 
3.4.3 
Prior notification, its receipt, any acknowledgement of or response to any such notification 
is not an endorsement, approval or recommendation of the proposed dealing. Restricted 
Persons remain responsible for their own investment decisions and compliance with 
applicable laws and this Policy.  
 
3.4.4 
A response to a request for approval to deal must be given within 5 Business Days of the 
request being made.  
 
3.4.5 
If approved, the confirmation must specify a period of time of no more than 5 Business 
Days within which the dealing must be completed. For on-market dealings, execution must 
occur within the specific period but settlement may occur outside that period. 
 
3.4.6 
The Restricted Person may then undertake the proposed dealing upon:  
 
(a) 
provision of written notification specified in clause 3.4.2; and 
(b) 
receipt of written confirmation from the Company Secretary (or company secretary 
of the respective subsidiary, as the case may be) that there is no objection to the 
proposed dealing and that approval has been granted by the respective person 
specified in clause 3.11. 
 
3.5 
Requirements after dealing 
 
Once a Restricted Person has completed a dealing in Company Securities, he /she must: 
 
For personal use only

 
  
Page 7 of 11 
 
(a) 
advise the Company Secretary that the dealing has been completed; and 
(b) 
in the case of directors of BSP, provide the Company Secretary with sufficient 
information (generally the price and quantity of securities traded) to enable BSP to 
comply with the disclosure requirements to notify PNGX, ASX and SPX of a change of 
the director’s interests.  
 
3.6 
Exceptions for certain dealings 
 
3.6.1 
Restricted Persons may be permitted to trade Company Securities outside of the trading 
windows only in the following instances: 
 
(a) 
transfer of Company Securities to a Closely Connected Person or a Restricted Person's 
superannuation fund, in respect of which prior clearance has been obtained as set out 
in clause 3.4;  
(b) 
a disposal of Company Securities arising from the acceptance of a takeover offer, 
scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back;  
(c) 
a disposal of rights acquired under a pro rata issue;  
(d) 
an acquisition of Company Securities under a pro rata issue;  
(e) 
where a Restricted Person has been granted approval to enter into margin lending or 
other secured financing arrangements (see clause 3.8.3), an involuntary disposal of 
securities that results from the margin lender or financier exercising its rights under 
the arrangement; and  
(f) 
under an employee incentive scheme in accordance with clause 3.9. 
 
3.6.2 
Restricted Persons must still comply with the insider trading laws even where they would 
otherwise be permitted by this clause to trade in Company Securities. 
 
3.7 
Exceptional circumstances & Waivers 
 
3.7.1 
If a Restricted Person needs to deal in Company Securities due to exceptional 
circumstances but such dealing would breach this Policy, the Restricted Person must apply 
to the person specified in clause 3.11 for a waiver from compliance with the provisions in 
clauses 3.2 and 3.4.  
 
3.7.2 
Exceptional circumstances include severe financial hardship, compulsion by a court order or 
court enforceable undertaking, an overriding regulatory requirement to transfer or accept 
transfer, or any other circumstances that is deemed exceptional by the Restricted Person. 
 
3.7.3 
The Restricted Person seeking a waiver under this section must apply in writing to the 
person specified in clause 3.11 setting out the circumstances of the proposed dealing 
(including an explanation as to the severe financial hardship or circumstances that are 
otherwise exceptional) and the reason the waiver is requested.  
 
3.7.4 
A waiver will only be granted if: 
 
(a) 
the Restricted Person's application is accompanied by sufficient evidence (in the 
opinion of the person specified in clause 3.11 below) that the dealing of the relevant 
securities is the most reasonable course of action available in the circumstances and 
confirmation that the person does not possess inside information; and 
(b) 
the Restricted Person is selling not buying Company Securities. 
 
3.7.5 
A decision to grant a waiver may be given or refused by the person specified in clause 
3.11, without giving reasons and may include conditions at BSP's absolute discretion. Once 
given, a waiver can also be withdrawn if new circumstances come to light.   
 
3.7.6 
If a waiver is granted, the Restricted Person will be notified in writing (which may include 
notification via email) and in each circumstance the duration of the waiver to deal in 
securities will be 10 Business Days.   
 
3.7.7 
If a waiver is not granted, the Restricted Person must keep that fact confidential.  A decision 
to refuse a waiver is final and binding.   
 
For personal use only

 
 
  
Page 8 of 11 
3.7.8 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this section  must, to 
the extent applicable, comply with the other sections of this Policy. 
 
 
3.8 
Other Prohibitions   
 
3.8.1 
Restricted Persons must not trade in Company Securities on a short-term basis or for 
speculative trading gain, including on-market short-term buying and selling, forward 
contracts and short-selling. BSP considers "short-term" to be a period of 6 months or less.   
 
3.8.2 
A Restricted Person must not engage in transactions designed to hedge their exposure to 
Company Securities.   
 
3.8.3 
A Restricted Person must not enter into margin lending or other secured financing 
arrangements in respect of Company Securities, unless the prior approval of the Chairman 
(or his or her delegate) has been obtained. 
 
3.9 
Exercise of Performance Rights  
 
If BSP has adopted and is utilising an employee incentive scheme under which Employees 
receive performance rights in the form of Company Securities, vested performance rights 
held pursuant to the scheme may be exercised in accordance with that scheme. However, 
any sale or other dealing in Company Securities acquired upon such exercise is subject to 
the restrictions in clauses 3.2 to 3.5 above. 
 
3.10 
Dividend Reinvestment Plan  
 
If BSP has adopted and is utilising a dividend reinvestment plan, Directors and Employees 
who wish to participate in the plan may only lodge a participation notice to do so during a 
Trading Window. 
 
3.11 
Consents and Notifications  
 
Where this Policy requires a notification to occur, or consent, or waiver to be obtained 
(unless the context requires otherwise) the following table sets out whom each Restricted 
Person must notify or seek approval from. 
 
Restricted Person 
Person who can grant 
consent / approval / waiver 
Person who must receive a copy of 
notification, waiver/response and 
confirmation that the proposed 
dealing has been completed 
Chairman 
Chairperson of BSP’s Board 
Audit and Compliance 
Committee  (or his / her 
delegate) 
Company Secretary 
All directors of BSP (except 
the Chairman)  
Chairman (or his / her 
delegate) 
Company Secretary 
All chairpersons of  BSP Group 
Chairperson of the respective 
subsidiary’s Board Audit and 
Compliance Committee (or his 
/ her delegate) 
Company Secretary and where 
applicable, the respective subsidiary’s 
company secretary  
All directors of BSP Group 
(except the chairpersons) 
Chairperson of the respective 
subsidiary board (or his / her 
delegate) 
Company Secretary and where 
applicable, the respective subsidiary’s 
company secretary 
Independent Committee 
Members  
Chairperson of the respective 
board committee  (or his / her 
delegate) 
Company Secretary and where 
applicable, the respective board’s 
company secretary 
All  other Restricted Persons 
not specified above  
CEO (or his / her delegate) 
Company Secretary 
For personal use only

 
  
Page 9 of 11 
 
 
 
 
3.12 
Record Keeping  
 
Restricted Persons must keep, and make available to the Company Secretary (or company 
secretary of the respective subsidiary, as the case may be) on request, a register of 
dealings by themselves and their Closely Connected Persons, in the form of a record of 
every dealing, together with supporting material such as contract notes or their 
equivalent. 
 
4. 
MAINTENANCE OF POLICY  
 
4.1 
The Company Secretary and the Board will review this Policy every 2 years or earlier if 
required to ensure it remains current and effective.  
 
4.2 
Strict compliance with this Policy is a condition of employment. Breaches of this Policy will 
be subject to disciplinary action, which may include termination of employment.  
 
4.3 
Any breaches or non-compliance with this Policy must be escalated and reported to the 
Company Secretary.  
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
  
Page 10 of 11 
Appendix A 
 
GLOSSARY  
 
Term 
Definition 
ASX 
Australian Securities Exchange  
BSP  
BSP Financial Group Limited (parent company) 
BSP Group 
Any or all of BSP’s wholly owned subsidiaries, as the context may require 
Board  
Board of Directors of BSP 
Business Day  
Calculated as a business day in Papua New Guinea  
CEO 
Group Chief Executive Officer of BSP 
Chairman  
Unless otherwise specified, refers to the chairman of the Board of BSP 
Close Family 
Member 
A spouse or de facto, any children (minor or adult) or parent of or living 
with the Restricted Person (including children of the Restricted Person's 
spouse or de facto) 
 
Closely Connected 
Entity  
Any family company or family trust that the Restricted Person or their 
close family member(s) may control or have an interest in 
 
Closely Connected 
Person 
A Close Family Member or Closely Connected Entity of a Restricted Person  
 
Company Secretary  
Company Secretary of BSP  
Company Securities  
Refers to Securities of BSP and its subsidiaries (in any jurisdiction), 
including BSP Convertible Notes Limited 
Director  
Unless otherwise specified, refers to a director of either BSP or a 
subsidiary which is part of BSP Group, as the context may require 
Employee 
For purposes of this policy, refers to an employee of BSP or BSP Group 
Inside Information 
Information that: 
3.2.1 is not generally available; and 
3.2.2 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would 
expect that it would — or would be likely to — influence 
investors in deciding whether to buy or sell particular 
securities.  
 
Inside Information includes but is not limited to: 
(a) 
the financial performance of BSP or BSP Group against 
its budget; 
(b) 
a possible acquisition or sale of any assets by BSP or 
BSP Group; 
(c) 
a possible change in BSP's or BSP Group’s capital 
structure; 
(d) 
a proposed dividend; 
(e) 
senior management changes; 
(f) 
development of a new business line or product offering; 
or 
(g) 
any possible claim against BSP or BSP Group or other 
unexpected liability. 
PNGX  
Papua New Guinea National Stock Exchange  
For personal use only

 
  
Page 11 of 11 
 
Restricted Person 
Any of the following: 
 
(a) all directors and officers of BSP including the Group CEO (if the 
Group CEO is not a Director) and the Company Secretary; 
(b) all directors and respective company secretaries of BSP Group;  
(c) all members of BSP’s Executive Committee, who are identified by 
the Group CEO from time to time; 
(d) all General Managers, their executive assistants and Deputy 
General Managers; 
(e) all Country Managers and Country Heads; 
(f) 
all Business Unit Heads; 
(g) all Finance & Planning staff involved with the preparation of BSP's 
financial records;  
(h) all employees who have knowledge, or information on BSP’s 
financial performance, or any other operational information that 
could affect future performance, which other shareholders in the 
market are not aware of;  
(i) 
all Independent Committee Members; and 
(j) 
any BSP Employee designated by the Board from time to time. 
Securities 
Shares, debentures, options to subscribe for new shares and options 
over existing shares, preference shares, warrant contracts and other 
derivatives relating to shares 
 
SPX 
South Pacific Stock Exchange  
Trading Window 
Any of the following: 
 
(i) 
the 20 Business Day period commencing at 10:00 am (Sydney 
time) on the day after the release of BSP's full-year results 
announcement to both PNGX and ASX;  
(ii) 
the 20 Business Day period commencing at 10:00 am (Sydney 
time) on the day after the release of BSP's half-yearly results 
announcement to both PNGX and ASX;  
(iii) 
the 15  Business Day period commencing at 10:00 am (Sydney 
time) on the day after the release of BSP's Quarter 1 
updates/results announcement to both PNGX and ASX;  
(iv) 
the 15  Business Day period commencing at 10:00 am (Sydney 
time) on the day after the release of BSP's Quarter 3 
updates/results announcement to both PNGX and ASX; and  
(v) 
any other period that the Board specifies from time to time. 
 
 
 
For personal use only
