 
Barton Gold Holdings Limited 
ACN: 633 442 618 
ASX: BGD 
FRA: BGD3 
OTCQB: BGDFF 
www.bartongold.com.au 
Registered Office 
Level 4, 12 Gilles Street 
Adelaide, SA 5000 Australia 
 
T  +61 8 9322 1587 
E   contact@bartongold.com.au 
 
Company Directors 
Kenneth Williams 
Non Executive Chairman 
Alexander Scanlon Managing Director & CEO 
Christian Paech 
Non Executive Director 
Graham Arvidson 
Non Executive Director 
 
ASX Announcement 
29 April 2025 
 
 
 
 
Revised Securities Trading Policy 
Barton Gold Holdings Limited (ASX: BGD) (Barton or the Company) advises that the Board has approved 
and adopted a revised Securities Trading Policy. 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, a copy of the revised Securities Trading Policy is attached to 
this announcement and is also available on Barton’s website. 
Authorised by the Managing Director of Barton Gold Holdings Limited.  
For further information, please contact: 
Alexander Scanlon 
Managing Director 
a.scanlon@bartongold.com.au  
+61 425 226 649 
Jade Cook 
Company Secretary 
cosec@bartongold.com.au  
+61 8 9322 1587 
 
For personal use only

 
www.bartongold.com.au 
 
About Barton Gold 
Barton Gold is an ASX, OTCQB and Frankfurt Stock Exchange listed Australian gold developer targeting future gold 
production of 150,000oz annually, with ~1.7Moz Au JORC Mineral Resources (64.0Mt @ 0.83 g/t Au), brownfield 
mines, and 100% ownership of the region’s only gold mill in the renowned Gawler Craton of South Australia.* 
Tarcoola Gold Project 
• 
Fully permitted open pit mine with ~20koz Au within 
trucking distance of Barton's Central Gawler Mill 
• 
Historical goldfield with new high-grade gold-silver 
discovery in grades up to 83.6 g/t Au and 17,600 g/t Ag 
Tunkillia Gold Project 
• 
1.6Moz Au Mineral Resources (62.9Mt @ 0.80 g/t Au) 
• 
Scoping Study for competitive ~130kozpa Au mine 
Key Regional Infrastructure 
• 
Region’s only gold processing plant (650ktpa CIP) 
• 
Distributed accommodated and other infrastructure 
to support regional exploration and development 
 
Competent Persons Statement & Previously Reported Information 
The information in this announcement that relates to the historic Exploration Results and Mineral Resources as listed in the table below is 
based on, and fairly represents, information and supporting documentation prepared by the Competent Person whose name appears in 
the same row, who is an employee of or independent consultant to the Company and is a Member or Fellow of the Australasian Institute 
of Mining and Metallurgy (AusIMM), Australian Institute of Geoscientists (AIG) or a Recognised Professional Organisation (RPO). Each 
person named in the table below has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and types of deposits under 
consideration and to the activity which he has undertaken to quality as a Competent Person as defined in the JORC Code 2012 (JORC).  
Activity 
Competent Person 
Membership 
Status 
Tarcoola Mineral Resource (Stockpiles) 
Dr Andrew Fowler (Consultant) 
AusIMM 
Member 
Tarcoola Mineral Resource (Perseverance Mine) 
Mr Ian Taylor (Consultant) 
AusIMM 
Fellow 
Tarcoola Exploration Results (until 15 Nov 2021) 
Mr Colin Skidmore (Consultant) 
AIG 
Member 
Tarcoola Exploration Results (after 15 Nov 2021) 
Mr Marc Twining (Employee) 
AusIMM 
Member 
Tunkillia Exploration Results (until 15 Nov 2021) 
Mr Colin Skidmore (Consultant)  
AIG 
Member 
Tunkillia Exploration Results (after 15 Nov 2021) 
Mr Marc Twining (Employee) 
AusIMM 
Member 
Tunkillia Mineral Resource 
Mr Ian Taylor (Consultant) 
AusIMM 
Fellow 
Challenger Mineral Resource 
Mr Dale Sims (Consultant) 
AusIMM / AIG 
Fellow / Member 
The information relating to historic Exploration Results and Mineral Resources in this announcement is extracted from the Company’s 
Prospectus dated 14 May 2021 or as otherwise noted in this announcement, available from the Company’s website at 
www.bartongold.com.au or on the ASX website www.asx.com.au. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or 
data that materially affects the Exploration Results and Mineral Resource information included in previous announcements and, in the 
case of estimates of Mineral Resources, that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates, and any 
production targets and forecast financial information derived from the production targets, continue to apply and have not materially 
changed. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the applicable Competent Persons’ findings are presented have not 
been materially modified from the previous announcements. 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
This document may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are often, but not always, identified by the use of 
words such as “seek”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “plan”, “expect”, “target” and “intend” and statements than an event or result “may”, “will”, 
“should”, “would”, “could”, or “might” occur or be achieved and other similar expressions. Forward-looking information is subject to 
business, legal and economic risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
contained in forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among other things, risks relating to property interests, the global economic 
climate, commodity prices, sovereign and legal risks, and environmental risks. Forward-looking statements are based upon estimates and 
opinions at the date the statements are made. Barton undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements for events or 
circumstances that occur subsequent to such dates or to update or keep current any of the information contained herein. Any estimates 
or projections as to events that may occur in the future (including projections of revenue, expense, net income and performance) are based 
upon the best judgment of Barton from information available as of the date of this document. There is no guarantee that any of these 
estimates or projections will be achieved. Actual results will vary from the projections and such variations may be material. Nothing 
contained herein is, or shall be relied upon as, a promise or representation as to the past or future. Any reliance placed by the reader on 
this document, or on any forward-looking statement contained in or referred to in this document will be solely at the readers own risk, 
and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements due to the inherent uncertainty thereof. 
 
* Refer to Barton Prospectus dated 14 May 2021 and ASX announcement dated 4 March 2025. Total Barton JORC (2012) Mineral Resources 
include 909koz Au (30.8Mt @ 0.92 g/t Au) in Indicated category and 799koz Au (33.2Mt @ 0.75 g/t Au) in Inferred category, and 3,070koz Ag 
(34.5Mt @ 2.80 g/t Ag) in Inferred category as a subset of Tunkillia gold JORC (2012) Mineral Resources.  
For personal use only

 
 
BARTON GOLD HOLDINGS LIMITED  
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
This document sets out the Company's policy on dealing by Directors and employees in: 
(a) 
securities of the Company (Company Securities); and 
(b) 
securities of other entities. 
If you do not understand any part of this policy, the summary of the law, or how it applies 
to you, you should raise the matter with the Company Secretary before dealing with any 
securities covered by this policy. 
2. 
RATIONALE FOR THE POLICY 
Under Australian corporations’ legislation, the insider trading laws operate to prohibit people 
in possession of non-public price-sensitive information from dealing in securities or passing 
on the information to other people who may deal in securities.   
This policy is intended to: 
(a) 
ensure that all Directors, employees and contractors of the Company (and their 
associates) are aware of the insider trading laws as they apply to trading in Company 
Securities; and 
(b) 
protect the reputation of the Company and its Directors and officers by seeking to 
avoid the possibility that misconceptions, misunderstandings or suspicions might 
arise as a result of trading by Directors and others who may be, or be perceived to 
be, in possession of inside information.   This policy seeks to do so by imposing 
additional restrictions on the trading of securities by Restricted Persons (defined 
below). 
3. 
MEANING OF SECURITIES 
For the purposes of this policy Securities means shares, debentures, options to subscribe 
for new shares and options over existing shares, warrant contracts and other derivatives 
relating to the shares. 
4. 
INSIDER TRADING LAWS 
4.1 
Prohibition 
In summary, if you have any inside information about the Company (or another relevant 
entity, such as a company with which the Company is considering a transaction) which is 
not publicly known, it is a criminal offence for you to: 
(a) 
trade in Company Securities (or securities of the other relevant entity); 
(b) 
advise or procure another person to trade in Company Securities (or securities of the 
other relevant entity); or 
(c) 
pass on inside information to someone else (including colleagues, family or 
friends) knowing (or where you should have reasonably known) that the other person 
For personal use only

 
will, or is likely to, use that information to trade in, or procure someone else to trade 
in, Company Securities (or securities of the other relevant entity). 
4.2 
Consequences of insider trading 
This offence, called "insider trading", can subject you to: 
(a) 
criminal liability including large fines and/or imprisonment: 
(b) 
a civil penalty (fine) of up to hundreds of thousands of dollars; and 
(c) 
civil liability, which may include being sued for any loss suffered as a result of illegal 
trading. 
4.3 
Inside information 
"Inside information" is information that: 
(a) 
is not generally available; and 
(b) 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect that it would — or 
would be likely to — influence investors in deciding whether to buy or sell particular 
securities. 
The financial impact of the information is important, but strategic and other implications 
can be equally important in determining whether information is inside information.  The 
definition of information is broad enough to include rumours, matters of supposition, 
intentions of a person (including the Company) and information which is insufficiently 
definite to warrant disclosure to the public. 
Importantly, you need not be an "insider" to come across inside information.  That is, it 
does not matter how you come to know the inside information (for example, you could 
learn it in the course of carrying out your responsibilities or in passing in the corridor or in 
a lift or at a dinner party). 
4.4 
Examples of insider trading 
The following list is illustrative only.  Inside information could include: 
(a) 
the financial performance of the Company against its budget; 
(b) 
a possible acquisition or sale of any assets by the Company; 
(c) 
a possible change in the Company's capital structure; 
(d) 
a proposed dividend; 
(e) 
senior management changes;  
(f) 
development of a new business line or product offering; or 
(g) 
any possible claim against the Company or other unexpected liability. 
4.5 
Insider trading is prohibited at all times 
If you possess inside information, you must not buy or sell Company Securities, advise 
or get others to do so or pass on the inside information to others.  This prohibition applies 
regardless of how you learn the information. 
For personal use only

 
 
The prohibition on insider trading applies not only to information concerning Company 
Securities.  If a person has inside information in relation to securities of another company, 
that person must not deal in those securities. 
5. 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
Related to the above, Directors, employees and contractors also have a duty of 
confidentiality to the Company.  You must not reveal any confidential information 
concerning the Company, use that information in any way which may injure or cause loss 
to the Company, or use that confidential information to gain an advantage for yourself. 
6. 
TRADING RESTRICTIONS IMPOSED BY THIS POLICY 
6.1 
Additional restrictions 
Additional restrictions (described below) on trading Company Securities apply to Restricted 
Persons (described below).  
6.2 
Restricted Persons 
For the purpose of this policy, Restricted Persons are:  
(a) 
all Directors and officers, including the CEO and Managing Director, CFO and 
Company Secretary; 
(b) 
all other key management personnel and other employees of the Company; and  
(c) 
contractors who have been notified that they are Restricted Persons for the purpose 
of this policy. 
6.3 
Close family members and entities closely connected with Restricted Persons 
For this policy:  
(a) 
a close family member of a Restricted Person means a spouse or de facto, any 
minor children or children living with the Restricted Person (including children of the 
Restricted Person's spouse or de facto); and 
(b) 
a closely connected entity of a Restriction Person means any family company or 
family trust that the Restricted Person or their close family members1  may control 
or have an interest in, 
(together Closely Connected Persons).     
Each Restricted Person must:  
(c) 
ensure that any trading by their Closely Connected Persons are undertaken in 
accordance with this policy;  
(d) 
ensure that his or her Closely Connected Persons are aware of this policy and the 
restrictions it contains.   
 
 
1  
Close family member is defined in paragraph (a) above. 
For personal use only

 
 
6.4 
Reasons for additional restrictions 
Restricted Persons are in positions where it may be assumed that they may come into 
possession of inside information and, as a result, any trading by Restricted Persons (or 
their Closely Connected Persons) may embarrass or reflect badly on them or on the 
Company (even if a Restricted Person has no actual inside information at the time).   
This policy is designed to avoid the possibility that misconceptions, misunderstandings or 
suspicions might arise and also to protect the reputation of the Company and Restricted 
Persons. 
6.5 
Restrictions on dealing  
Restricted Persons must not deal in Company Securities:  
(a) 
without prior approval (see rule 6.7); and  
(b) 
during any of the following blackout periods:  
(i) 
the period each year from the close of trading at the end of the full financial 
year until 10.00am on the next trading day following the date of 
announcement to ASX of the preliminary final statement or full year results;  
(ii) 
the period each year from the close of trading at the end of the financial half 
year until 10.00am on the next trading day following the date of 
announcement of half-yearly results;  
(iii) 
the period 2 weeks prior to the announcement of the quarterly results; and 
(iv) 
any other period that the Company specifies from time to time. 
6.6 
No speculative short-term trading 
Restricted Persons should not trade in Company Securities on a short-term basis or for 
speculative trading gain.  The Company considers "short-term" to be a period of 6 months 
or less.  
6.7 
Prior clearance for dealing  
Restricted Persons are only permitted to deal in Company Securities if they have given 
notice and obtained approval as set out below (and on the basis that rule 4.1 does not 
apply). 
Restricted Persons must notify the Company in advance of any proposed dealing in 
Company Securities.  The notification must be made to the person in rule 7  and confirm 
that they do not hold any inside information.  Upon:  
(a) 
provision of notification; and  
(b) 
confirmation by the Company Secretary that there is no objection to the person 
trading,  
the Restricted Person may undertake the proposed dealing.  The confirmation may specify 
a period of time within which trading is to occur.  
For personal use only

 
6.8 
Exceptions for certain trading  
As an exception to the restrictions in rule 6.5(b), Restricted Persons are permitted to trade 
Company Securities in the following circumstances:  
 
(a) 
transfers of Company Securities to a Closely Connected Person or a Restricted 
Person's superannuation fund, in respect of which prior clearance has been obtained 
as set out in rule 6.7; 
(b) 
a disposal of Company Securities arising from the acceptance of a takeover offer, 
scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back; 
(c) 
a disposal of rights acquired under a pro rata issue; 
(d) 
an acquisition of Company Securities under a pro rata issue; 
(e) 
an acquisition of Company Securities under a security purchase plan or dividend 
purchase plan where the Restricted Person did not commence or amend their 
participation in the plan during a blackout period;  
(f) 
an acquisition of Company Securities under an employee incentive scheme (however, 
the additional restrictions in this policy apply to any subsequent trade of any 
Company Securities issued to (or for the benefit of) a Restricted Person under an 
employee incentive scheme); 
(g) 
where a Restricted Person has been granted approval to enter into margin lending 
or other secured financing arrangements (see rule 6.11), an involuntary disposal of 
securities that results from the margin lender or financier exercising its rights under 
the arrangement.  
Restricted Persons are reminded that they must still comply with the insider trading laws 
even where they would otherwise be permitted by this rule 6.8 to trade in Company 
Securities.  
6.9 
Exceptional circumstances 
If a Restricted Person needs to deal in Company Securities due to exceptional circumstances 
but such dealing would breach this policy, the Restricted Person must apply to the person 
specified in rule 7 for a waiver from compliance with the provisions in rules 6.5(b) or 6.6. 
Exceptional circumstances include severe financial hardship, compulsion by a court order or 
any other circumstances that is deemed exceptional by the person described in rule 6.11. 
The Restricted Person seeking a waiver under this rule must apply in writing to the person 
specified in rule  7 setting out the circumstances of the proposed dealing (including an 
explanation as to the severe financial hardship or circumstances that are otherwise 
exceptional) and the reason the waiver is requested.  A waiver will only be granted if the 
Restricted Person's application is accompanied by sufficient evidence (in the opinion of the 
person specified in rule 7) that the dealing of the relevant securities is the most reasonable 
course of action available in the circumstances and confirmation that the person does not 
possess inside information.   
A decision to grant a waiver must be given or refused by the person specified in rule 7, 
without giving reasons.  Once given, a waiver can also be withdrawn if new circumstances 
come to light.    
For personal use only

 
If a waiver is granted, the Restricted Person will be notified in writing (which may include 
notification via email) and in each circumstance the duration of the waiver to deal in 
securities will be 5 business days. 
If a waiver is not granted, the Restricted Person must keep that fact confidential.   
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this rule must comply 
with the other sections of this Policy (to the extent applicable). 
6.10 
Requirements after trading 
Once a Restricted Person has completed a trade in Company Securities, the Company 
Secretary must be: 
(a) 
advised that the trade has been completed; and 
(b) 
in the case of Directors, provided with sufficient information to enable the Company 
to comply with the requirements to notify a change of interests to ASX. 
6.11 
Short selling, hedging and margin lending transactions 
A Restricted Person must not engage in short selling in respect of Company Securities.  
A Restricted Person must not engage in transactions designed to hedge their exposure to 
Company Securities.    
A Restricted Person must not enter into margin lending or other secured financing 
arrangements in respect of Company Securities, unless the prior approval of the Chairman 
(or his or her delegate) has been obtained.    
7. 
CONSENTS AND NOTIFICATIONS 
Where this Policy requires a notification to occur, or consent, or waiver to be obtained 
(unless the context requires otherwise) the table below sets out whom each Restricted 
Person must notify or seek approval from. 
Restricted Person 
Person to notify and obtain consent 
Chairman of the Board 
The Board 
Other Restricted Persons  
Chairman of the Board (or his or her delegate) 
 
8. 
BREACHES OF THE POLICY 
Strict compliance with this policy is a condition of employment.  Breaches of this policy will 
be subject to disciplinary action, which may include termination of employment. 
9. 
FURTHER INFORMATION 
For more information about this policy, contact the Company Secretary. 
 
Adopted on: 29 April 2025 
 
For personal use only
