BKI Investment Company Limited  
Level 14, 151 Clarence Street, Sydney NSW 2000 
T (02) 9210 7000   F (02) 9210 7099   W: www.bkilimited.com.au   
BKI INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED  
ABN: 23 106 719 868 
 
 
ASX Announcement  
ASX AND MEDIA RELEASE – SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
 
 
 
21 July 2021 
 
The Manager 
Company Announcements Office 
Australian Stock Exchange Limited 
Level 6, Exchange Centre 
20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY NSW 2000 
 
 
 
BKI SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
Attached is a copy of the revised Share Trading Policy lodged with the ASX in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10. A copy 
of the Share Trading Policy is available on the corporate governance section of the company’s website at 
www.bkilimited.com.au. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jaime Pinto 
Company Secretary 
 
For personal use only

SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
Page 1 of 4 
July 2021 
Overview 
The BKI Share Trading Policy (Policy) has been developed to: 
• 
to ensure that BKI’s Restricted Persons are aware of the restrictions on dealing in BKI 
securities; and 
• 
minimise the potential for misunderstandings or suspicions that Restricted Persons are 
dealing in BKI securities while in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information. 
Applicability 
The BKI Share Trading Policy regulates dealings: 
• 
by Directors, Officers and Employees of BKI Investment Company Limited (BKI) and its 
Investment Manager, Contact Asset Management Pty Limited and their associates 
(together, Restricted Persons); 
• 
in shares, options and other securities issued by BKI (BKI securities). 
Restrictions on Trading 
• 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from dealing in BKI securities: 
- 
while in possession of unpublished BKI price-sensitive information; and/or 
- 
during Prohibited Periods. 
• 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from engaging in short term dealing in BKI securities; 
Price-sensitive information 
BKI price-sensitive information is information that a reasonable person would expect to have 
a material effect on the price or value of BKI securities. 
Dealing 
For the purposes of the Policy, dealing is taking to encompass: 
1. 
Directly buying, selling, or otherwise trading in BKI securities; 
2. 
procuring another person to buy, sell, or otherwise trade in BKI securities ; and 
3. 
communicating the price-sensitive information to any other person if the Restricted 
Person knows or ought to know that the other person will use the information, directly or 
indirectly, to buy, sell, or otherwise trade in BKI securities. 
For personal use only

SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
Page 2 of 4 
July 2021 
Anyone who contravenes the prohibitions against insider trading is guilty of an offence under 
the Corporations Act and their employment or service agreement with BKI or Contact Asset 
Management Pty Limited (as applicable) will be immediately terminated. This is regardless of 
whether the other terms of the Policy have been complied with. 
Prohibited Periods 
Prohibited periods include Closed Periods and Blackout Periods. 
Closed Periods 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from dealing in Closed Periods due to the proximity of 
these periods to the release of the Company’s half year and full year results and, typically, the 
announcement of any dividends declared.  Closed periods are: 
• 
from 12:01am 1 January to 12:01am on the day after the release of the Company’s 
Appendix 4D and half year results to the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX); and 
• 
from 12:01am 1 July to 12:01am on the day after the release of the Company’s Appendix 
4E and full year results to the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX). 
It is noted that the Company currently releases to the ASX on a weekly basis an unaudited, 
pre-tax NTA per BKI share, which ensures the market remains regularly informed of this 
information. The Board has determined that there is no requirement for a formal Closed 
Period during the preparation of these weekly NTAs. Any price-sensitive information that 
arises during that process is covered by the broader ASX Continuous Disclosure provisions 
and the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act. 
Blackout Periods 
The Board of BKI has the discretion to impose Blackout Periods at any point in time for any 
reason.  Blackout Periods are to be established by a resolution of the Board. 
Allowable Dealings 
Restricted Persons are allowed to deal in BKI securities outside of Prohibited Periods within 
the following guidelines: 
• 
never engage in short term dealing of the Company’s securities; 
• 
notify the Company Secretary or Chairman of any intended dealings prior to entering into 
the transaction; 
For personal use only

SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
Page 3 of 4 
July 2021 
• 
notify the Company Secretary of completed dealings. 
- Where the dealing in securities would result in the Company needing to make a 
disclosure to the Australian Securities Exchange or Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission, such information must be provided within sufficient time for 
the Company to meet its reporting obligations. 
Excluded Trading 
The restrictions on trading in BKI securities by Restricted Persons do not apply in the 
following situations of passive dealing: 
a. the transfer of securities already held by the Restricted Person into a superannuation fund 
or similar scheme where the Restricted Person is a beneficiary;  
b. An investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in BKI securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at 
the discretion of a third party; 
c. Where a Restricted Person is a trustee, trading in BKI securities by that trust provided the 
Restricted Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a 
Prohibited Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers 
independently of the Restricted Person 
d. the acceptance of a takeover offer;  
e. dealing under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the Company’s security holders, 
such as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment 
plan and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and 
structure of the offer has been approved by the Board. This includes decisions relating to 
whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide 
for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
f. 
accepting an offer to participate in an employee securities plan; and  
g. any such similar transaction determined by the Directors to be a passive dealing. 
Exceptional Circumstances 
In Exceptional Circumstances, Restricted Persons are able to deal in BKI Securities only after 
complying with the following process: 
• 
submission of a written request to the Chair of the BKI Board (Chair), including the nature 
of the intended form of dealing and sufficient detail of the circumstances 
For personal use only

SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
Page 4 of 4 
July 2021 
• 
The submission also needs to state that the Restricted Person is not in possession of 
inside information. 
• 
The Chair must approve the submission in writing (email being acceptable) 
• 
In circumstances where the Chair is applying to deal in exceptional circumstances, 
approval must be sought from and provided by the Chair of the BKI Audit and Risk 
Committee. 
Exceptional Circumstances include severe financial hardship where the Restricted Person 
has a compulsion to deal with securities by Court Order, or any other circumstances deemed 
exceptional by the BKI Chair or Chair of the BKI Audit & Risk Committee.  
 
For personal use only
