 
MELDMS-#1507638-v1-Beacon_Lighting_Group_Ltd_Securities_Trading_Policy_-_V1_March_2014.docx 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
 
Beacon Lighting Group Limited 
ACN 164 122 785 
 
Securities Trading Policy  
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
MELDMS-#1507638-v1-Beacon_Lighting_Group_Ltd_Securities_Trading_Policy_-_V1_March_2014.docx 
Page 2 of 7 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
The purpose of this policy is to explain the types of conduct in dealing in securities that are 
prohibited by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and establish a best practice procedure for buying 
and selling securities that protects Beacon Lighting Group Limited (Company), its directors and 
Team Members against the misuse of inside information. 
1.2 
This policy outlines: 
(a) 
when directors, senior management and other Team Members may deal in Company 
Securities; 
(b) 
when directors, senior management and other Team Members may deal in securities of 
another listed entity (because they may obtain inside information about another entity 
while performing their duties for the Group); and 
(c) 
procedures to reduce the risk of insider trading. 
2. 
Defined terms 
In this policy: 
Approving Officer means: 
(a) 
 in relation to a Designated Officer who is not a director, the Chief Executive Officer or 
such other person nominated by him to act in his absence for the purposes of this Policy; 
(b) 
in relation to a director of the Company (except the chairperson of the Board), the 
chairperson of the Board or such other person nominated by him to act in his absence 
for the purposes of this Policy; and 
(c) 
in relation to the chairperson of the Board, the chairperson of the Audit Committee of 
the Company, or such other person nominated by him to act in his absence for the 
purposes of this Policy.  
Associate means: 
• 
a spouse or child of the person; 
• 
a child of the person’s spouse; 
• 
a dependant of the person or the person’s spouse;  
• 
anyone else who is one of the person’s family and may be expected to influence the 
person, or be influenced by the person, in the person’s dealings with the Company; or 
• 
a company or family trust the person controls. 
ASX means ASX Limited. 
Board means the board of directors of the Company. 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) means the person who is from time to time appointed by the 
Board as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
Company Secretary means the person who is from time to time appointed by the Board as 
Company Secretary of the Company.  
Company Securities include shares, options, debentures, convertible notes, interests and rights 
in the Company or Group and other financial products relating to securities issued by the 
Company or Group (such as warrants and derivatives) whether or not these are created by the 
Company, Group or third parties. 
For personal use only

 
MELDMS-#1507638-v1-Beacon_Lighting_Group_Ltd_Securities_Trading_Policy_-_V1_March_2014.docx 
Page 3 of 7 
Designated Officer means a director or person engaged in the management of the Group, 
whether as a Team Member or consultant, as determined by the Company from time to time.  
The Company Secretary will maintain a list of Designated Officers for the purposes of this Policy. 
Group means the Company and each of its controlled entities. 
Team Member means an employee of the Group. 
3. 
Insider trading 
3.1 
If a person has information about securities and the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, 
that the information is inside information, it is likely to be illegal for the person to: 
(a) 
deal in the securities; 
(b) 
procure another person to deal in the securities; or 
(c) 
give the information to another person who the first person knows, or ought reasonably 
to know, is likely to:  
(i) 
deal in the securities; or 
(ii) 
procure someone else to deal in the securities. 
3.2 
Insider trading is a criminal offence.  It is punishable by substantial fines or imprisonment or 
both.   
3.3 
Insider trading may also attract civil penalties.  A court may impose substantial pecuniary 
penalties for insider trading and order payment of compensation to persons who suffer loss or 
damage because of insider trading.  
4. 
What is inside information? 
4.1 
Inside information is information that: 
(a) 
is not generally available; and 
(b) 
if it were generally available, would, or would be likely to, influence persons who 
commonly invest in securities in deciding whether to acquire or dispose of the relevant 
securities. 
4.2 
Information is generally available if it: 
(a) 
is readily observable; 
(b) 
has been made known in a manner likely to bring it to the attention of persons who 
commonly invest in securities of the relevant type and a reasonable period for that 
information to be disseminated has elapsed since it was made known; or 
(c) 
consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information falling 
under paragraphs 4.2(a) or 4.2(b). 
5. 
What is dealing in securities? 
5.1 
Dealing in securities includes: 
(a) 
applying for, acquiring or disposing of, securities; 
(b) 
entering into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of, securities; and 
(c) 
granting, accepting, acquiring, disposing, exercising or discharging an option or other 
right or obligation to acquire or dispose of securities. 
For personal use only

 
MELDMS-#1507638-v1-Beacon_Lighting_Group_Ltd_Securities_Trading_Policy_-_V1_March_2014.docx 
Page 4 of 7 
6. 
When Team Members may deal 
A Team Member (who is not a Designated Officer) may deal or procure another person to deal in 
Company Securities if he or she does not have information that he or she knows, or ought 
reasonably to know, is inside information in relation to Company Securities. 
7. 
When a Designated Officer may deal 
7.1 
Subject to paragraph 9, a Designated Officer may only deal in Company Securities: 
(a) 
If he or she does not have information that he or she knows, or ought reasonably to 
know, is inside information in relation to Company securities; and 
(b) 
during the following periods:  
(i) 
the period of 4 weeks commencing three days after the close of trading on the 
business day after the date the Company announces its half-yearly results to ASX; 
(ii) 
the period of 4 weeks commencing three days after the close of trading on the 
business day after the date the Company announces its full year results to ASX;  
(iii) 
the period of 4 weeks commencing three days after the close of trading on the 
business day after the date the Company holds its annual general meeting ;  
(iv) 
any other period as determined by the Board from time to time; and 
(c) 
if he or she has received written clearance in accordance with paragraph 8. 
7.2 
Periods other than those stipulated in paragraph 7.1b are closed periods when clearance to deal 
will generally not be given except in accordance with paragraph 9. 
8. 
Clearance from the Approving Officer 
8.1 
Before dealing in Company Securities, a Designated Officer must first inform the Approving 
Officer and obtain written clearance for the dealing in question. 
8.2 
Requests for clearance to deal should be submitted to the Approving Officer by email.  Such 
requests will be responded to by email, usually within 72 hours. 
8.3 
The Approving Officer may not give clearance if: 
(a) 
there is a matter about which there is inside information in relation to Company 
Securities (whether or not the Designated Officer knows about the matter) when the 
Designated Officer requests clearance or proposes to deal in Company Securities; and 
(b) 
the Approving Officer has any other reason to believe that the proposed dealing 
breaches this policy. 
8.4 
The Approving Officer must: 
(a) 
keep a written record of: 
(i) 
any information received from a Designated Officer in connection with this 
policy; and 
(ii) 
any clearance given under this policy; and 
(b) 
immediately send a copy of the written record to the Company Secretary for keeping. 
8.5 
The Company secretary must keep a file of any written record referred to in paragraph 8.4. 
8.6 
Dealings in Company Securities must be completed within 1 week of clearance being granted. 
For personal use only

 
MELDMS-#1507638-v1-Beacon_Lighting_Group_Ltd_Securities_Trading_Policy_-_V1_March_2014.docx 
Page 5 of 7 
8.7 
 Subsequent to any dealing, a Designated Officer or Team Member must provide a copy of 
trading confirmations to the Company Secretary, if requested. 
9. 
 Exceptional circumstances 
8.1 
The Approving Officer may give clearance for a Designated Officer to sell (but not buy) Company 
Securities in exceptional circumstances where the Designated Officer would otherwise not be 
able to do so under this policy.  For example, if the Designated Officer has a pressing financial 
commitment that cannot otherwise be satisfied.   
8.2 
The Approving Officer may not give clearance pursuant to this  paragraph if there is a matter 
about which there is inside information in relation to Company Securities (whether or not the 
Designated Officer knows about the matter) when the Designated Officer requests clearance or 
proposes to deal in Company Securities. 
8.3 
The Approving Officer will decide if circumstances are exceptional and will do so with caution. 
9. 
Dealings by associates and investment managers 
9.1 
If a Designated Officer may not deal in the Company Securities, he or she must prohibit any 
dealing in the Company Securities by: 
(a) 
any Associate; or 
(b) 
any investment manager on their behalf or on behalf of any Associate, other than where 
the Designated Officer  has no influence in relation to the selection of or trading in any 
securities on their behalf by the investment manager. 
9.2 
For the purposes of paragraph 9.1, a Designated Officer must: 
(a) 
inform any investment manager or Associate of the periods during which the Designated 
Officer may and may not deal in Company Securities; and 
(b) 
request any investment manager or Associate to inform the Designated Officer 
immediately after they have dealt in Company Securities. 
9.3 
A Designated Officer does not have to comply with paragraphs 9.1 and 9.2 to the extent that to 
do so would breach their obligations of confidence to the Group. 
11. Exclusions 
11.1 The following dealings are not subject to the provisions of this Policy: 
(a) acquisitions of Company Securities through a dividend reinvestment plan, Team Member 
share plan, share purchase plan available to all retail shareholders, rights issue or the acceptance 
of a takeover offer; and 
(b) dealings that do not result in a change to the beneficial interest in Company Securities. 
12. Securities in other companies 
12.1 
While in general, Team Members are free to deal in securities of other listed entities, the 
prohibited conduct under the Corporations Act includes dealings not only in Company Securities but also 
in those of other listed entities with which the Company may be dealing (including the Group’s 
customers, contractors or business partners). 
12.2 
If a Designated Officer or Team Member has information that he or she knows, or ought 
reasonably to know, is inside information in relation to another listed entity, he or she should not deal 
or procure another person to deal in the securities of that other entity.  
For personal use only

 
MELDMS-#1507638-v1-Beacon_Lighting_Group_Ltd_Securities_Trading_Policy_-_V1_March_2014.docx 
Page 6 of 7 
13. Communicating inside information 
13.1 
If a Designated Officer or  Team Member  has information that he or she knows, or ought 
reasonably to know, is inside information in relation to Company Securities or the securities of 
another listed entity, then he or she must not directly or indirectly communicate that 
information to another person if he or she knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the other 
person would or would be likely to:  
(a) 
deal in Company Securities or those securities of the other entity; or  
(b) 
procure another person to deal in Company Securities or the securities of the other 
entity. 
13.2 
A Designated Officer or Team Member must not inform colleagues (except the Approving 
Officer) about inside information or its details. 
14. Speculative dealing 
A Designated Officer or Team Member may not deal in Company Securities on considerations of 
a short term nature (being a period of 3 months or less) or for speculative purposes. 
15. Hedging 
Designated Officers are prohibited under this Policy from entering into any schemes or 
arrangements that protect the value of shares, options or performance rights allocated under 
the Company’s incentive schemes prior to them becoming fully vested.  Any breach of this 
prohibition will also constitute a breach of the conditions of grant and would result in the 
forfeiture of the relevant shares, options or performance rights. 
16. Margin Lending 
16.1 
A Designated Officer may not include his or her Company Securities in a margin loan portfolio or 
otherwise deal in Company Securities pursuant to a margin lending arrangement without first 
obtaining consent from an Approving Officer.  The Company may, at its discretion, make any 
consent granted conditional upon such terms and conditions as it sees fit. 
  
16.2 
A Team Member may not include his or her Company Securities in a margin loan portfolio or 
otherwise deal in Company Securities pursuant to a margin lending arrangement if the value of 
the securities is more than 1% of the issued capital of the Company, without first obtaining 
consent from the Managing Director.  The Company may, at its discretion, make any consent 
granted conditional upon such terms and conditions as it sees fit.  
17. Breach of policy 
A breach of this policy by a Designated Officer or Team Members is serious and may lead to 
remedial and/or disciplinary action, including dismissal in serious cases.  It may also be a breach 
of the law. 
18. Assistance and additional information 
Designated Officers and Team Members who are unsure about any information they may have 
in their possession, and whether they can use that information for dealing in securities, should 
contact the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
For personal use only

 
MELDMS-#1507638-v1-Beacon_Lighting_Group_Ltd_Securities_Trading_Policy_-_V1_March_2014.docx 
Page 7 of 7 
 
For personal use only
