37 
 
Legal/73791757_6 
SCHEDULE 9:  SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
BMC MINERALS LTD. 
(Company) 
Scope 
1 
This policy details the Company's policy on dealings by personnel of the Company and its 
related bodies corporate (Group) in: 
1.1 
Securities of the Company (Company Securities); and 
1.2 
Securities of other entities. 
2 
This policy applies to all 'personnel' of the Group, including all directors, officers, employees, 
consultants and contractors.  
3 
Personnel are responsible for ensuring that their investment arrangements comply with this 
policy and with all applicable laws. If you do not understand any part of this policy, the 
summary of the law, or how it applies to you, you should raise the matter with the Company 
Secretary before dealing with any Securities covered by this policy. 
Purpose 
4 
Under Australian and other applicable legislation, insider trading laws operate to prohibit 
people in possession of non–public price sensitive information from dealing in Securities or 
passing on the information to other people who may deal in Securities. 
5 
Given the restrictions imposed by law, this policy is relevant to all personnel of the Group and 
their associates. 
6 
This policy also imposes additional restrictions (described below) on: 
6.1 
all directors and officers of the Group including the Managing Director; 
6.2 
all persons who report directly to the Chief Executive Officer (Senior Executives);  
6.3 
all employees, consultants, and contractors of the Group; 
6.4 
other persons identified by the Company from time to time; and 
6.5 
'associates' of the above persons. For the purposes of this policy your 
'associates' include: 
6.5.1 
your spouse or partner; 
6.5.2 
your children; 
6.5.3 
your relatives or the relatives of your spouse or partner, other than 
the persons referred to in clauses 6.5.1 and 6.5.2 above, who has 
the same home address as you; 
6.5.4 
any trustee of a trust, estate or other fiduciary arrangement under 
which you, your spouse or partner or your dependent children, is or 
may be a beneficiary or serves as trustee or in a similar capacity; 
6.5.5 
any company in which you are a director, senior officer or hold 
(directly or indirectly) a majority of the shares or otherwise control 
(directly or indirectly);  
For personal use only

38 
 
Legal/73791757_6 
6.5.6 
a partner, other than a limited partner, of any partnership in which 
you are a partner;  
6.5.7 
any other entity in which you are a director, secretary or executive 
officer; 
6.5.8 
the affiliates (as such term is used in the Business Corporations Act 
(British Columbia) and any regulations promulgated thereunder from 
time to time, each as may be amended (BCBCA)) of any of the 
foregoing; and 
6.6 
other persons identified by the Company from time to time, 
(Restricted Persons). 
Meaning of Securities 
7 
For the purposes of this policy Securities includes shares, debentures, options to subscribe 
for new shares and options over existing shares, warrant contracts, subscription receipts and 
derivatives relating to shares. 
Insider Trading Laws 
Prohibition 
8 
If you have any inside information (as defined below in clauses 10 to 12) about the Company 
(or another relevant entity, such as a company with which the Company is considering a 
transaction) which is not publicly known, in addition to constituting a breach of the BCBCA, it 
is a criminal offence for you to: 
8.1 
trade in the Company Securities (or Securities of the other relevant entity); 
8.2 
advise or procure another person to trade in the Company Securities (or 
Securities of the other relevant entity); or 
8.3 
pass on (directly or indirectly) inside information (as defined below in clauses 10 
to 12) to someone else (including colleagues, family or friends) knowing (or 
where you should have reasonably known) that the other person will, or is likely 
to, use that information to trade in, or procure someone else to trade in, the 
Company Securities (or Securities of the other relevant entity). 
Consequences of insider trading 
9 
This offence, called 'insider trading', can subject you to: 
9.1 
criminal liability including large fines and/or imprisonment; 
9.2 
a civil penalty; and 
9.3 
civil liability, which may include being sued for any loss suffered as a result of 
illegal trading. 
Inside information 
10 
'Inside information' is information that: 
10.1 
is not generally available; and 
10.2 
if it were generally available, might reasonably be expected to have a material 
For personal use only

39 
 
Legal/73791757_6 
effect on the price or value of securities (such as Company Securities) or on a 
decision to buy or sell Company Securities or other securities (including if the 
information would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest 
in securities in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, buy or sell (or otherwise 
deal in) Company Securities or other securities). 
11 
The financial impact of the information is important, but strategic and other implications can 
be equally important in determining whether information is inside information. The definition of 
information is broad enough to include rumours, matters of supposition, intentions of a person 
(including the Company) and information which is insufficiently definite to warrant disclosure 
to the public. 
12 
Importantly, you need not be an 'insider' to come across inside information. That is, it does 
not matter how you come to know the inside information (for example, you could learn it in the 
course of carrying out your responsibilities or in passing in the corridor or in a lift or at a dinner 
party). 
Insider trading is prohibited at all times 
13 
If you possess inside information, you must not buy or sell the Company Securities, advise or 
get others to do so or pass on the inside information to others. This prohibition applies 
regardless of how you learn the information. 
14 
The prohibition on insider trading applies not only to information concerning the Company 
Securities. If a person has inside information in relation to Securities of another company, that 
person must not deal in those Securities. 
15 
The insider trading prohibitions apply even when a trade falls within an exclusion to the 
restrictions on trading detailed in this policy if it is undertaken by, or procured by, someone in 
possession of inside information at the time of the trade. 
Confidential Information 
16 
Related to the above, personnel also have a duty of confidentiality to the Company. You must 
not reveal any confidential information concerning the Company, use confidential information 
in any way which may injure or cause loss to the Company, or make use of specific 
confidential information (including, for greater certainty, any inside information) to gain a 
benefit or advantage for yourself or any associates. 
Trading restrictions imposed by this policy 
Additional restrictions 
17 
Additional restrictions (described below) on trading the Company Securities apply to 
Restricted Persons (as defined above). The additional restrictions in this policy do not prohibit 
Restricted Persons from acquiring the Securities under a Company dividend reinvestment 
plan or an employee equity plan, if either plan exists (however, the additional restrictions will 
apply to any subsequent trading of the Company Securities acquired under those plans).  
18 
It is important to note that although the additional restrictions do not apply to a Restricted 
Person’s participation in a dividend reinvestment plan or an employee equity plan, a 
Restricted Person must not make an election to participate or cease participation in a 
dividend reinvestment plan or employee share plan if they are in possession of 'inside 
information.'  
Reasons for additional restrictions 
19 
Restricted Persons are in positions where it may be assumed that they may come into 
possession of inside information and, as a result, any trading by Restricted Persons may 
embarrass or reflect badly on them or on the Company (even if a Restricted Person has no 
For personal use only

40 
 
Legal/73791757_6 
actual inside information at the time). This policy is designed to avoid the possibility that 
misconceptions, misunderstandings or suspicions might arise due to trading by Restricted 
Persons in Securities. 
Closed Periods 
20 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from dealing in the Company's Securities in the following 
periods: 
20.1 
beginning on the first day of each quarter and ending at the conclusion of the 
business day on which the Company's quarterly results are released to the 
Australian Securities Exchange (ASX); and 
20.2 
any other period as the board of directors of the Company may decide. 
Clearance procedures 
21 
If a Restricted Person proposes to deal in the Company's Securities at any time, they must 
first: 
21.1 
obtain prior written clearance to deal in the Company's Securities from the 
relevant authorising officer noted in the table below (Authorising Officer); and/or 
21.2 
provide prior written notice of their intention to deal in Company Securities to the 
relevant Authorising Officer; and 
21.3 
provide confirmation to the relevant Authorising Officer that they are not in 
possession of 'inside information', 
at least two trading days before the proposed dealing. 
Restricted Person 
Authorising Officer 
Prior notification to the 
Company Secretary and 
Board 
Chair of the Board 
Chair of the Audit and Risk 
Committee 
Yes 
Other Directors (including 
Managing Director) 
Chair of the Board 
Yes 
Senior Executives, and other 
persons identified by the 
Company from time to time 
Managing Director 
Yes 
Employees 
Managing Director 
Yes 
 
22 
If granted, trading consent is only valid for a period of five trading days after notification of 
approval, or such other period notified by the Authorising Officer to the Restricted Person. 
Trading consent is automatically deemed to be withdrawn if the person becomes aware of 
inside information prior to trading.  
23 
Any approval to trade can be given, withdrawn or refused by the Company in its sole and 
absolute discretion without giving any reasons. A decision to refuse approval is final and 
binding on the person seeking the approval. If approval to trade Company Securities is 
refused, the person seeking the approval must keep that information confidential and not 
disclose it to anyone. Any approval to trade under this policy is not an endorsement from the 
Company and the person doing the trade is individually responsible for their investment 
For personal use only

41 
 
Legal/73791757_6 
decisions and their compliance with insider trading laws. 
24 
The insider trading prohibitions apply even when a trade is permitted under this clause if it is 
undertaken by, or procured by, someone in possession of inside information at the time of the 
trade. 
Requirements after trading 
25 
Once a Restricted Person has completed a trade in the Company Securities, the Authorising 
Officer described in clauses 21 to 24, must be: 
25.1 
advised that the trade has been completed and attach the trade confirmation 
(which may occur via email); and 
25.2 
in the case of directors, provided with sufficient information to enable the 
Company to comply with its ASX reporting obligations (including date, price, 
volume and whether the change occurred during a Closed Period and if so, 
whether written clearance was provided). This information must be provided to 
ASX as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than 
three business days after the date of the change. 
No speculative short term trading 
26 
Restricted Persons should not trade in the Company's Securities on a short-term basis or for 
speculative trading gain. 
No hedging 
27 
A Restricted Person must not, without prior written approval by the Authorising Officer 
specified in clauses 21 to 24, engage in hedging arrangements, deal in derivatives or enter 
into other arrangements which vary economic risk related to the Company's Securities 
including, for example, dealing in warrants, equity swaps, put and call options, contracts for 
difference and other contracts intended to secure a profit or avoid a loss based on fluctuations 
in the price of the Company's Securities.  
28 
This provision includes engaging in hedging or other arrangements that would have the effect 
of limiting the economic risk in connection with Company Securities including Securities which 
are unvested, subject to a holding lock or issued pursuant to an equity based remuneration 
scheme. 
Permitted dealings 
29 
Certain types of dealing are excluded from the operation of this policy and may be undertaken 
at any time (subject to complying with applicable law and the insider trading prohibitions 
outlined above in section 4.4), including the following (and any other permitted dealings as 
approved by the Board from time to time and notified to Restricted Persons): 
29.1 
employee incentive schemes – the additional restrictions in this policy do not 
prohibit Restricted Persons from acquiring Securities or exercising an option or 
right under an employee incentive scheme subject to the terms of the relevant 
employee incentive scheme. However, the additional restrictions will apply to any 
subsequent trading of Securities acquired under an employee incentive scheme 
and the Restricted Person must make an election to participate or cease 
participation in an employee incentive scheme when they are not in possession of 
inside information; 
29.2 
dividend reinvestment plan – the additional restrictions in this policy do not 
prohibit Restricted Persons from acquiring Securities under a dividend 
reinvestment plan. However, the additional restrictions will apply to any 
subsequent trading of Securities acquired under a dividend reinvestment plan 
For personal use only

42 
 
Legal/73791757_6 
and the Restricted Person must make an election to participate or cease 
participation in a dividend reinvestment plan when they are not in possession of 
inside information; 
29.3 
rights offers, share purchase plans and buy-backs (or other pro-rata/generalised 
offers) – trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security 
holders, such as a rights issue, a security plan purchase and an equal access 
buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer has 
been approved by Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or not to 
take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the 
take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
29.4 
third party discretion – an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other 
scheme (other than a scheme only investing in Securities) where the assets of 
the fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party; and 
29.5 
disposal under margin lending arrangement – an involuntary disposal of 
securities that results from a margin lender or financier exercising its rights under 
a margin lending or other secured financing arrangement that has previously 
been approved in accordance with this policy. 
Exceptional circumstances 
30 
If a Restricted Person needs to deal in the Company's Securities due to exceptional 
circumstances but such dealing would breach this policy, the Restricted Person must apply to 
the Authorising Officer specified in clauses 21 to 24 for a waiver from compliance with the 
provisions in clauses 21 to 24 or 26, subject to applicable laws. 
31 
Exceptional circumstances include severe financial hardship, compulsion by a court order or 
any other circumstances that are deemed exceptional by the Authorising Officer. 
32 
The Restricted Person seeking a waiver under this clause must apply in writing (which may 
include an application via email) to the Authorising Officer: 
32.1 
setting out the circumstances of the proposed dealing (including an explanation 
as to the severe financial hardship or circumstances that are otherwise 
exceptional) and the reason the waiver is requested; and 
32.2 
provide confirmation to the relevant person(s) that they are not in possession of 
'inside information'.  
33 
A waiver will only be granted if the Restricted Person's application is accompanied by 
sufficient evidence (in the opinion of the Authorising Officer) that the dealing of the relevant 
Securities is the most reasonable course of action available in the circumstances and not 
contrary to applicable laws. 
34 
If a waiver is granted, the Restricted Person will be notified in writing (which may include 
notification via email) and in each circumstance the duration of the waiver to deal in Securities 
will be five trading days or such other period notified by the Authorising Officer to the 
Restricted Person.  
35 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this clause must comply 
with the other clauses of this policy (to the extent applicable). The insider trading prohibitions 
apply even when a trade falls within this clause 35 if it is undertaken by, or procured by, 
someone in possession of inside information at the time of the trade.  
Breaches of this policy 
36 
Strict compliance with this policy is a condition of employment or engagement by the 
Company. Breaches of this policy will be regarded as serious misconduct and may lead to 
For personal use only

43 
 
Legal/73791757_6 
disciplinary action, which may include termination of employment or engagement by the 
Company. 
Business Unit policies 
37 
Dealing in Securities or communicating information may also be subject to Business Unit 
policies relating to personal dealing, insider trading, conflicts of interest or similar. 
38 
You must also comply with the requirements of those policies in addition to the requirements 
in this policy. Please contact Risk and Compliance for further information.  
Further Information 
39 
For more information about this policy, contact the Company Secretary. 
40 
In addition to this policy, holders of Company Securities should be aware there are certain 
provisions under the BCBCA and other applicable laws that may apply to transactions 
involving Company Securities. Holders of Company Securities should consult a legal advisor 
in regard to the application of the BCBCA and other applicable laws to their particular 
circumstances before dealing in any Securities. 
 
For personal use only
