 
 
 
 
 
STOCK EXCHANGE 
ANNOUNCEMENT 
26 July 2012 
www.bannermanresources.com 
BANNERMAN RESOURCES LIMITED ABN 34 113 017 128 
Corporate Office Level 1 ■ Suite 18 ■ 513 Hay Street ■ Subiaco Western Australia 6008 Post PO Box 1973 ■ Subiaco Western Australia 6904 
T +61 8 9381 1436 F +61 8 9381 1068 
1
 
 
 
 
The Manager 
ASX Market Announcements 
Australian Securities Exchange 
Exchange Plaza 
2 The Esplanade 
Perth WA 6000 
 
 
Dear Sir or Madam 
 
Amended Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
Bannerman Resources Limited (ASX: BMN, TSX: BAN, NSX: BMN) (“Bannerman” or the 
“Company”) attaches its updated Securities Trading Policy.  Amendments have been made to the 
quarterly trading blackout periods to more appropriately reflect Bannerman’s quarterly reporting 
regime, and to reflect a number of other minor clarifications.  A copy of the Securities Trading Policy 
is also available on the Company’s website.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For further information please contact: 
 
Len Jubber 
 
 
Tim Haughan 
Chief Executive Officer  
 
Investor Relations Manager 
Perth, Western Australia 
 
Perth, Western Australia 
Tel: +61 (0)8 9381 1436 
 
Tel: +61 (0)8 9381 1436 
                                               admin@bannermanresources.com.au 
 
 
About Bannerman - Bannerman Resources Limited is an emerging uranium development company with interests in two 
properties in Namibia, a southern African country considered to be a premier uranium mining jurisdiction.  Bannerman’s 
principal asset is its 80%-owned Etango Project situated southwest of Rio Tinto’s Rössing uranium mine and to the west of 
Paladin Energy’s Langer-Heinrich mine.  Etango is one of the world’s largest undeveloped uranium deposits.  Bannerman is 
focused on development of a large open pit uranium operation at Etango.  More information is available on Bannerman’s 
website at www.bannermanresources.com.  
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
BANNERMAN RESOURCES LIMITED ABN 34 113 017 128 
Corporate Office Level 1 ■ Suite 18 ■ 513 Hay Street ■ Subiaco Western Australia 6008 Post PO Box 1973 ■ Subiaco Western Australia 6904 
T +61 8 9381 1436 F +61 8 9381 1068 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
1.1 
Purpose 
 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
(a) 
provide a brief summary of the law on insider trading, and other relevant laws; 
(b) 
set out the restrictions on dealing in securities by people who work for or are associated with 
Bannerman Resources Limited and its subsidiary companies (Bannerman or the Company); 
and  
(c) 
assist in maintaining market confidence in the integrity of dealings in Bannerman securities. 
 
If you do not understand any part of this policy or how it applies to you, you should discuss the matter 
with the Company Secretary before dealing in any Bannerman securities. 
1.2 
Statement of policy 
 
Whenever you have inside information which may affect the value of securities, you must not: 
(a) 
deal in the securities; or 
(b) 
communicate the information to anyone else. 
 
This prohibition applies regardless of how you learned the information.  It applies not only to 
Bannerman securities, but also to securities of other companies as defined in section 2.2 below. 
 
The concepts of "inside information", "securities", "dealings" and "communicating information" 
are explained below. 
2. 
APPLICATION 
2.1 
Who is covered by this policy? 
 
This policy applies to all: 
(a) 
executive and non-executive directors; 
(b) 
full-time, part-time and casual employees; and 
(c) 
contractors and consultants, 
 
of Bannerman and Bannerman group companies (“Bannerman Personnel”). 
 
To avoid any doubts, any reference in this policy to a director includes an alternate director.  
2.2 
What securities are covered by this policy? 
 
This policy applies to the following securities: 
(a) 
Bannerman shares; 
(b) 
any other securities which may be issued by Bannerman such as options, performance rights 
and convertible notes;  
For personal use only

 
Page 2 of 9 
 
(c) 
derivatives (such as exchange-traded options and warrants) and other financial products 
issued by third parties in relation to Bannerman shares, options and performance rights; and 
(d) 
securities of any other company or entity that may be affected by inside information (such as 
a Bannerman joint venture partner, another party involved in a corporate transaction with 
Bannerman or a Bannerman contractor or shareholder). 
2.3 
What is dealing? 
 
For the purposes of this policy, dealing in securities includes: 
(a) 
trading in securities (i.e. subscribing for, buying, selling or entering into an agreement to do 
any of those things); and 
(b) 
advising, procuring or encouraging another person (such as a family member, friend, 
associate, colleague, broker, financial planner, investment adviser, family company or family 
trust) to trade in securities. 
2.4 
What is communicating information? 
 
Communicating information includes passing it on to another person (such as a family member, 
friend, associate, colleague, broker, financial planner, investment adviser, family company or family 
trust). 
3. 
PROHIBITED CONDUCT 
3.1 
What is insider trading? 
 
In broad terms, you will commit insider trading if you: 
(a) 
deal in Bannerman securities or securities of another entity while you have inside information; 
or 
(b) 
communicate inside information to another person knowing (or where you should have 
reasonably known) that the other person would, or would be likely to use that information to 
deal in, or procure someone else to deal in, securities.  This is commonly known as "tipping". 
 
Individuals who contravene the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act are liable to 
prosecution or to civil penalty action by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.  In 
both cases, the offender may be liable of a criminal offence and/or ordered to pay compensation to 
anyone who suffered loss as a result of the insider trading.   
 
Separately, someone who engages in insider trading may be sued by another party or by Bannerman 
in a civil action, for any loss suffered as a result of the insider trading. 
3.2 
What is inside information? 
 
Inside information is information that: 
(a) 
is not generally available to people who commonly invest in securities; and  
(b) 
if it were generally available, it would (or would be likely to) influence experienced investors in 
deciding whether or not to subscribe for, purchase or sell Bannerman securities or securities 
of another entity. 
 
It does not matter how you obtain the inside information - for example, whether you learn it in the 
course of carrying out your responsibilities, or in passing in the corridor, or in the lift or at a dinner 
party. 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 3 of 9 
 
The financial impact of the information is important, but strategic and other implications can be equally 
important in determining what amounts to inside information.  The definition of "information" is broad 
enough to include rumours, matters of supposition, intentions of a person (including Bannerman) and 
information which is not sufficiently definite to warrant public disclosure. 
3.3 
Examples of inside information 
 
The following list is illustrative only.  Inside information about Bannerman could include: 
(a) 
information relating to Bannerman’s drilling and exploration results or resource or reserve 
statements; 
(b) 
information on the outcome of any economic studies, such as Pre-Feasibility Studies and 
Definitive Feasibility Studies; 
(c) 
information on changes in production or production forecasts; 
(d) 
information relating to Bannerman’s financial results or forecast results; 
(e) 
a possible sale or acquisition of assets by Bannerman; 
(f) 
a possible change in Bannerman’s capital structure (for example, a new issue of capital/equity 
to raise monies or a buy-back of shares); 
(g) 
a proposed dividend or change in dividend policy; 
(h) 
board or senior management changes; 
(i) 
an event which could have a material impact (either positively or negatively) on production or 
profits (for example, shut-downs  of production, or a significant safety or environmental 
incident); 
(j) 
a proposed change in the nature of Bannerman’s business; 
(k) 
a proposed takeover or merger involving Bannerman; 
(l) 
a notification to ASX of a substantial shareholding in Bannerman; 
(m) 
any information required to be disclosed to ASX under its continuous disclosure rules; and  
(n) 
any possible litigation claim against Bannerman or other unexpected liability. 
3.4 
Securities of other companies 
 
The prohibition on insider trading is not restricted to information affecting Bannerman securities.  If 
you possess inside information in relation to securities of another company or entity, you must not 
deal in those securities.  In the course of your duties as an employee, director, adviser, consultant or 
contractor of Bannerman, you may obtain inside information in relation to another company.  For 
example: 
(a) 
in the course of negotiating a transaction with Bannerman, another company might provide 
confidential information about itself; 
(b) 
in the course of negotiating a transaction with Bannerman, another company might provide 
confidential information about a third party; or 
(c) 
information concerning a proposed transaction or other action by Bannerman might have a 
material effect on a third party. 
For personal use only

 
Page 4 of 9 
 
4. 
OTHER PROHIBITED CONDUCT 
4.1 
Short term dealing 
 
You must not engage in short term or speculative dealing in Bannerman securities. 
4.2 
Hedging 
 
If you are a director or employee of Bannerman who participates in a Bannerman equity-based 
incentive plan, you must not enter into any transaction which would have the effect of hedging or 
otherwise transferring to any other person the risk of any fluctuation in the value of any unvested 
entitlement in Bannerman securities.  An unvested entitlement is a Bannerman share, performance 
right or option which is still subject to time and/or performance hurdles. 
4.3 
Margin loans 
 
You are not permitted to enter into a margin loan or other financing arrangement where there is a risk 
that Bannerman securities will be traded pursuant to the terms of the margin loan or financing 
arrangement (together a Margin Loan), unless you have obtained prior written consent of the 
Chairman to enter into the Margin Loan and disclose to the Chairman the following information 
regarding the Margin Loan (Loan Information): 
(a) 
key terms; 
(b) 
number of Bannerman securities involved; 
(c) 
the trigger points; 
(d) 
the right of the lender to sell the securities unilaterally; and 
(e) 
any other material details. 
 
If you are the Chairman of Bannerman and you intend to enter into a Margin Loan, you must obtain 
the prior written consent of the Chairman of the Audit Committee to enter into the Margin Loan and 
disclose to the Chairman of the Audit Committee the Loan Information. 
4.4 
Blackout periods 
 
Unless otherwise approved by the Board in exceptional circumstances (for example, exceptional 
circumstances, refer 4.5 below), you are not permitted to deal in Bannerman securities during the 
following blackout periods:  
(a) 
each period commencing on the first day of each quarter and ending at the conclusion of two 
business days following the release of the Quarterly Activities and Cashflow Reports relating 
to the previous quarter; and 
(b) 
such other periods advised by the Board and/or Chief Executive Officer (such as prior to the 
announcement to ASX of a significant matter or event). 
Bannerman Personnel wishing to trade during a blackout period may seek written approval from the 
Chairman.  The Chairman, in his or her ultimate discretion, will decide whether exceptional 
circumstances exist and his or her decision will be final. 
All requests to trade during a blackout period must be accompanied by a Securities Trading Request 
Notice (refer 5.1 below) and must contain adequate details of the exceptional circumstances for 
consideration by the Chairman.  Requests to trade during a blackout period may be directed to the 
Chairman via the Company Secretary.  Any trading approved by the Chairman during a blackout 
period is valid for five (5) clear business days from the date of written clearance.  Written clearance in 
the form of email is acceptable. 
For personal use only

 
Page 5 of 9 
 
4.5 
Exceptional circumstances 
In exceptional circumstances, where it is the only reasonable course available to a director, officer, 
employee, consultant or contractor, clearance may be given to sell (but not to purchase) Bannerman 
securities when such Bannerman Personnel would otherwise be prohibited from doing so but not 
while there exists any matter which constitutes inside information in relation to Bannerman securities.  
Such clearance must be obtained by following the steps set out in section 5 below. 
Examples of the type of circumstances which may be considered exceptional for these purposes are: 
(a)  
severe financial hardship; 
(b)  
in order to comply with an undertaking given to, or an order by, a court; or 
(c)  
such other exceptional circumstances as may from time to time be determined by the 
Chairman or, in his absence, the Chairman of the Audit Committee or the Chief Executive 
Officer. 
5. 
PERMITTED CONDUCT 
5.1 
When is dealing permitted if you are an Employee, Contractor or Consultant? 
 
If you are an employee, contractor or consultant of Bannerman, the following rules apply: 
(a) 
subject to the rules of any applicable Bannerman equity-based plan, you can deal in 
Bannerman securities at any time provided: 
(i) 
you obtain the prior written consent of the Chief Executive Officer (Refer to 
Annexure 1 – “Securities Trading Request Notice”); 
(ii) 
you confirm to the Chief Executive Officer that you do not have inside information; 
(iii) 
the dealing does not occur during a blackout period (refer to 4.4 above); 
(iv) 
you are not involved in short term or speculative dealing;  
(v) 
you are not hedging the risk of any fluctuation in value of any unvested entitlement in 
Bannerman securities; and 
(vi) 
if applicable, one of the exceptions to the policy in 5.3 below applies; 
(b) 
if you subsequently deal in those securities – you must confirm the dealing in writing to the 
Chief Executive Officer and Company Secretary within two business days after the dealing.  
The confirmation must include: 
(i) 
your name;  
(ii) 
the name of any person who dealt on your behalf;  
(iii) 
details of your interest (direct or indirect) in the Bannerman securities the subject of 
the dealing;  
(iv) 
the date of the dealing;  
(v) 
the number of Bannerman securities subscribed for, bought or sold;  
(vi) 
the amount paid or received for those securities; and 
(vii) 
the number of Bannerman securities held by you (directly or indirectly) before and 
after the dealing. 
For personal use only

 
Page 6 of 9 
 
5.2 
When is dealing permitted if you are a Director? 
 
If you are a director of Bannerman, the following rules apply: 
(a) 
you can deal in Bannerman securities (or financial products issued by third parties in relation 
to Bannerman securities which operate to limit the economic risk of a vested holding in 
Bannerman securities) provided: 
(i) 
you obtain the prior written consent of the Chairman (or the Chairman of the Audit 
Committee if you are the Chairman) (Refer to Annexure 1 – “Securities Trading 
Request Notice”); 
(ii) 
you confirm that you are not in possession of any inside information; 
(iii) 
the dealing does not occur during an blackout period (refer to 4.4 above); 
(iv) 
you are not involved in short term or speculative dealing; and  
(v) 
you are not hedging the risk of any fluctuation in value of any unvested entitlement in 
Bannerman securities; and 
(vi) 
if applicable, one of the exceptions to the policy in 5.3 below applies; 
(b) 
if you subsequently deal in those securities – you must confirm the dealing in writing to the 
person to whom your prior notice was given and the Company Secretary within two business 
days after the dealing.  The confirmation must include: 
(i) 
your name;  
(ii) 
the name of any person who dealt on your behalf;  
(iii) 
details of your relevant interest (direct or indirect) in the Bannerman securities the 
subject of the dealing;  
(iv) 
the date of the dealing;  
(v) 
the number of Bannerman securities subscribed for, bought or sold;  
(vi) 
the amount paid or received for those securities;  
(vii) 
the number of Bannerman securities held by you (directly or indirectly) before and 
after the dealing, including where the securities are held indirectly, the names of the 
holder of securities on the Company’s share register and the name of any underlying 
beneficiary; and 
(viii) 
sufficient information to enable Bannerman to comply with the requirements to notify 
a change of interests to ASX.  
5.3 
Exceptions to the policy 
 
Subject to insider trading prohibitions, Bannerman Personnel may at any time: 
 
(a) 
acquire ordinary shares in the Company by conversion of securities giving a right of 
conversion to ordinary shares (but may not sell all or any of the shares received upon 
exercise of options or vesting of performance rights other than in accordance with this policy); 
 
(b) 
acquire Bannerman securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of securities of the 
same class; 
 
(c) 
acquire Bannerman securities under a dividend reinvestment plan, a rights issue or a share 
purchase plan that is available to all holders of securities of the same class; 
For personal use only

 
Page 7 of 9 
 
 
(d) 
acquire, or agree to acquire, options or performance rights under a Company share incentive 
plan; 
 
(e) 
exercise options acquired under a Company share incentive plan (but may not sell all or any 
of the shares received upon exercise of the options other than in accordance with this policy); 
 
(f) 
transfer the Bannerman securities already held into a superannuation fund or other saving 
scheme in which the relevant Bannerman person is a beneficiary, subject to ensuring the 
transfer does not contravene the laws prohibiting insider trading; 
 
(g) 
invest in, or trade units of, a fund or other scheme where the assets of the fund or other 
scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party; or 
 
(h) 
provide undertakings to accept, or accept, a takeover offer. 
5.4 
Do I have any other obligations to Bannerman? 
 
In addition to the insider trading and other restrictions in this policy, you also owe a duty of 
confidentiality to Bannerman.  You must not reveal any confidential information concerning 
Bannerman, use that information in any way which may injure or cause loss to Bannerman, or use 
that information to gain an advantage for yourself. 
 
Under the Corporations Act, breach of these duties may result in: 
(a) 
liability for a civil penalty;  
(b) 
criminal liability, if recklessness or dishonesty is involved; and/or 
(c) 
liability to compensate Bannerman for any damage it suffers as a result of the disclosure. 
6. 
CONSEQUENCES OF BREACH 
6.1 
What if I breach this policy? 
 
Strict compliance with this policy is mandatory for all Bannerman Personnel covered by this policy. 
 
Contravention of the Corporations Act is a serious matter which may result in criminal and/or civil 
liability. 
 
In addition, breaches of this policy may damage Bannerman’s reputation in the investment community 
and undermine confidence in the market for Bannerman securities.  Accordingly, breaches will be 
taken very seriously by Bannerman and will be subject to disciplinary action, including possible 
termination of a person's employment or appointment. 
7. 
PUBLICATION 
7.1 
Where can I find this policy? 
A copy of this policy is available on the Bannerman website. 
7.2 
Will I receive any training on this policy? 
 
If you do not understand this policy or wish to receive training on how to comply with this policy, 
please contact the Company Secretary. 
For personal use only

 
Page 8 of 9 
 
8. 
REVIEW 
 
This policy will be reviewed periodically to ensure that it continues to comply with applicable laws and 
good corporate governance practices. 
9. 
EXPLANATION OF TERMS 
 
For the purposes of this policy: 
 
“ASX” means Australian Securities Exchange or ASX Limited, as the context requires. 
 
“deal in securities” means buy or sell shares, options, performance rights or other securities, or 
enter into transactions in relation to shares, options, performance rights or other securities, either 
directly or through a family trust, superannuation fund, company or in any other manner. 
 
“director” means a director of Bannerman and includes any related party of the director. 
 
“Insider Trading” includes: 
 
 dealing in securities whilst in possession of inside information; or 
 communicating inside information to another person knowing that the other person would, or would 
be likely to, use that information to deal in or procure someone else to deal in securities (known as 
“tipping”). 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 9 of 9 
 
 
 
 
Date: ________________________ 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors 
 
BUYING/SELLING OF SHARES IN BANNERMAN RESOURCES LIMITED 
 
This notice seeks approval for the named Bannerman personnel/director below to trade in the securities of 
Bannerman Resources Limited in accordance with the Company’s Securities Trading Policy. 
 
I confirm that: 
 
 
I am not in possession of, or aware of, any information that may be considered “inside information”;  
 
 
I am not involved in any short term or speculative trading in Bannerman securities;  
 
 
I am not hedging the risk of any fluctuation in value of any unvested entitlement in Bannerman 
securities; and 
 
 
I will not deal in the securities during any blackout period. 
 
I acknowledge that this approval to trade is valid for only five (5) clear business days from the date indicated 
below, unless otherwise revoked earlier by notice in writing. 
 
 
 
________________________________________________ 
Estimated number *shares/options to be *purchased/sold 
*Delete as appropriate. 
 
 
 
___________________________________ 
Name and signature of Employee/ Director 
 
 
 
Approved: 
 
 
 
 
_____________________________ 
Chief Executive Officer / Chairman 
 
 
Date: __________________ 
 
 
For personal use only
