 
Doc ID 746741333/v3 
Trading Policy 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Background and purpose 
The purpose of this trading policy (Policy) is to ensure that Employees are aware of, and 
to assist Employees in complying with, the prohibitions under Applicable Laws against 
insider trading, tipping, and recommending trades in the securities of Benz Mining Corp. 
(Company) and other issuers in certain circumstances (Insider Trading). This Policy 
also contains additional pre-clearance, closed period and other trading restrictions. 
Additional objectives of this Policy include the following:  
(a) 
to minimise the risk of Employees contravening the Applicable Laws against 
Insider Trading;  
(b) 
to minimise the risk of the appearance of Insider Trading and the significant 
reputational damage it may cause to the Company;  
(c) 
to assist the Company in meeting its reporting obligations under Applicable Laws; 
and  
(d) 
to increase transparency with respect to trading in the Company’s securities by 
Employees.  
1.2 
Who does this Policy apply to? 
This Policy applies to all Directors, officers, and employees of the Company and its 
Related Bodies Corporate (Employees). 
In addition, certain sections of this Policy also apply to the related persons of Employees, 
including an individual’s spouse, minor children, and anyone else living in the individual’s 
household and any legal entities controlled by the individual (Related Persons). 
It is important to remember that although this Policy only applies to Employees and 
Related Persons, the Insider Trading prohibitions set out in Applicable Laws apply to all 
persons (including consultants and advisors to the Company). 
If you are in any doubt as to how this Policy may affect you, you should seek assistance 
from the Company Secretary before trading. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Page 2 
 
Doc ID 746741333/v3 
2. 
Definitions and interpretation  
2.1 
Definitions 
Defined terms and abbreviations used in this Policy have the meanings set out below: 
Applicable Laws 
means applicable corporate and securities laws, rules, 
regulations, and policies (including the Corporations Act, the 
Securities Act in relevant Canadian Provinces, and rules and 
instruments adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators), 
and applicable stock exchange policies and rules (including the 
ASX Listing Rules and the TSX-V Corporate Finance Policies), 
as amended from time to time. 
ASX 
means the Australian Securities Exchange. 
ASX Listing Rules  means the listing rules of the ASX, as amended from time to time.
Board 
means the board of Directors of the Company. 
Corporations Act 
means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Related Bodies 
Corporate 
has the meaning given to it under the Corporations Act. 
trade 
means a trade or other transaction involving securities, and 
trading has a similar meaning. 
TSX-V 
means the TSX Venture Exchange. 
3. 
What securities are covered by this Policy? 
This Policy applies to the issue of new securities of the Company and its Related Bodies 
Corporate, and the trade of any securities issued by the Company or its Related Bodies 
Corporate from time to time.  
The definitions of “securities” in Applicable Laws are very broad. The Company’s 
securities include, but are not limited to: 
(a) 
common shares of the Company; 
(b) 
options, warrants, and other convertible securities of the Company; 
(c) 
CHESS Depositary Interests (CDIs) over the Company’s common shares; 
(d) 
convertible debt issued by the Company; and 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Page 3 
 
Doc ID 746741333/v3 
(e) 
financial products or instruments issued or created over or in respect of securities 
issued by the Company, whether the financial products or instruments are 
created by the Company or by third parties. 
4. 
Standards 
All Employees should ensure that all trades in the Company’s securities comply with all 
Applicable Laws (including Insider Trading provisions of those Applicable Laws). 
5. 
Prohibitions on Insider Trading  
5.1 
Dual Listing 
The Company’s shares are listed on both the ASX and the TSX-V. As such, the 
Company’s securities are subject to Applicable Laws related to Insider Trading in both 
Australia and Canada. 
5.2 
Insider Trading prohibitions: Australia 
(a) 
The Corporations Act makes it an offence for a person in possession of 
information that is not generally available but which, if generally available, a 
reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value 
of the Company’s securities to: 
(i) 
trade in (e.g., apply for, acquire or dispose of, or enter into an agreement 
to do any of these things) the Company’s securities; or  
(ii) 
procure another person to trade in the Company’s securities, 
(each a “dealing in the Company’s securities”). 
(b) 
It is an offence to communicate price-sensitive information to another person with 
the knowledge that the person could deal in the Company’s securities. 
Accordingly, the prohibition on Insider Trading cannot be avoided by a person 
procuring or arranging for another person to deal on his or her behalf. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Policy, information is “generally available” if: 
(i) 
it consists of a readily observable matter; 
(ii) 
it has been made known in a manner likely to bring the information to the 
attention of people who commonly invest in securities of a kind whose 
price or value might be affected by the information, and, since it was 
made known, a reasonable period for it to be disseminated among such 
persons has elapsed; 
(iii) 
it is derived from information which has been made public; or 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Page 4 
 
Doc ID 746741333/v3 
(iv) 
it consists of observations, deductions, conclusions or inferences made 
or drawn from other generally available information. 
(d) 
For the purposes of this Policy, “price-sensitive information” means information 
relating to the Company or the Company’s subsidiaries that would, if the 
information were publicly known, be likely to: 
(i) 
have a material effect on the price or value of the Company’s securities; 
or 
(ii) 
influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether 
or not to buy or sell the Company’s securities. 
(e) 
Examples of possible price-sensitive information include, but are not limited to, 
the following: 
(i) 
information relating to Company drilling exploration results or reserve 
statements; 
(ii) 
information on the outcome of any economic studies, such as pre-
feasibility studies or definitive feasibility studies; 
(iii) 
information on changes in production or production forecasts;  
(iv) 
information relating to the Company’s financial results or forecast results;  
(v) 
a material acquisition, joint venture, realisation or disposal of assets; 
(vi) 
a threat of material litigation against the Company; 
(vii) 
the Company’s sales and profit results materially exceeding or falling 
short of the market’s expectations or the previously announced guidance 
by the Company; 
(viii) 
a material change in debt, liquidity or cash flow; 
(ix) 
a significant new development proposal (i.e. a new product or 
technology); 
(x) 
the granting or refusal of a major contract; 
(xi) 
a management or business restructuring proposal;  
(xii) 
a change in the capital structure, such as a capital return or the buy back 
of a financial product; 
(xiii) 
a payment of dividends or a share issue; 
(xiv) 
a change to the Board or significant changes in senior management; 
(xv) 
the entering into of an agreement or option to acquire an interest in an 
asset or business, or to enter into a joint venture or other arrangement in 
relation to an asset or business; and 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Page 5 
 
Doc ID 746741333/v3 
(xvi) 
any information required to be announced to the market pursuant to ASX 
Listing Rule 3.1 (the Continuous Disclosure Rule) which is yet to be 
released to the market.  
(f) 
The ASX requires the Company, as a listed entity, to have a trading policy that 
restricts its key management personnel from trading in its securities during certain 
closed periods. For the purposes of the ASX Listing Rules, the Company has 
determined that its key management personnel are its Directors, Chief Executive 
Officer and Company Secretary, and any employee (whether full-time, part-time 
or casual) having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and 
controlling, directly or indirectly, the activities of the Company (Key Management 
Personnel). 
5.3 
Insider Trading prohibitions: Canada 
(a) 
An Employee must not make a trade involving a security of the Company if the 
Employee knows of a material fact or material change with respect to the 
Company which has not been generally disclosed. 
(b) 
Employees must not inform another person of a material fact or material change 
with respect to the Company unless: 
(i) 
the material fact or material change has been generally disclosed, or 
(ii) 
informing the person is necessary in the course of business of the 
Employee. 
(c) 
For the purposes of this Policy: 
(i) 
“material change” means a change in the business, operations or 
capital of the Company that would reasonably be expected to have a 
significant effect on the market price or value of a security of the 
Company, or decision to implement such a change made by the 
Directors or the Company’s senior management who believe that 
confirmation of the decision by the Directors is probable; and 
(ii) 
“material fact” means, when used in relation to a security issued or 
proposed to be issued, a fact that would reasonably be expected to have 
a significant effect on the market price or value of the security, and when 
used in relation to a derivative, a fact that would reasonably be expected 
to have a significant effect on the market price or value of, or obligations 
under, the derivative. 
(d) 
The examples of possible price-sensitive information set forth in paragraph 5.2(e) 
above are generally also examples of material facts and material changes. 
5.4 
Dealing through third parties 
The Insider Trading prohibitions extend to dealings by individuals through nominees, 
agents or other associates, such as family members, family trusts and family companies. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Page 6 
 
Doc ID 746741333/v3 
5.5 
Consequences for breach of Insider Trading prohibitions 
(a) 
Breach of the Insider Trading prohibition by an Employee or a Related Person 
could expose the Employee to criminal and civil liability including fines and 
imprisonment.  
(b) 
Significantly, a breach of the Insider Trading prohibition could result in an 
Employee or a Related Person being sued by another party or the Company for 
any loss suffered as a result of Insider Trading.  
(c) 
Breaches of Insider Trading laws or this Policy will also be regarded by the 
Company as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action and/or 
dismissal of an Employee. 
5.6 
Source of information is irrelevant  
(a) 
Insider Trading is prohibited at any time if the person possesses material 
undisclosed price-sensitive information or knowledge of material facts or material 
changes which have not been generally disclosed.  
(b) 
It does not matter how or where the person obtains the information or knowledge 
and it does not have to be obtained from the Company to constitute inside 
information. Applicable Laws will apply to any Employee who acquires such 
information or knowledge in relation to the Company’s securities, regardless of 
capacity. 
5.7 
Employee incentive scheme  
The prohibition on trading in the Company’s securities applies to acquisitions of shares 
or options by employees of the Company made under an employee share or option 
scheme or performance rights plan, as well as the acquisition of shares as a result of the 
exercise of options under an employee option scheme. The prohibition also applies to the 
sale of any such securities. 
5.8 
Director fees 
The prohibition on trading in the Company’s securities does apply to a Director’s election 
to receive his or her fees in shares or in cash. Accordingly, a Director is prohibited from 
making such an election during a Closed Period or any other restricted period. 
5.9 
Dealing in shares of other companies 
(a) 
If an Employee has price-sensitive information which is not generally available, 
or knowledge of a material fact or material change which has not been generally 
disclosed, relating to a company other than the Company, the same Insider 
Trading rules outlined above apply to trading securities in that company.  
(b) 
In the course of performing duties as an employee of the Company, Employees 
may obtain price-sensitive information or knowledge of material facts or material 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Page 7 
 
Doc ID 746741333/v3 
changes relating to another company in a variety of circumstances. Examples 
include, but are not limited to the following: 
(i) 
another company may provide price sensitive information or material 
facts about itself to the Company in the course of a proposed transaction;  
(ii) 
another company with whom the Company is dealing may provide price 
sensitive information or material facts about a third-party company; or  
(iii) 
information concerning the Company or actions which may be taken by 
the Company (e.g., a planned transaction or strategic change) could 
reasonably have an effect on a third-party company. 
(c) 
Apart from the application of Applicable Laws regarding Insider Trading to 
securities in other companies, Employees are also bound by a duty of 
confidentiality in relation to information in respect of third parties obtained in the 
course of their employment with the Company. 
6. 
Closed Periods and Restricted Trades 
6.1 
Closed Periods 
There are certain periods when Employees must not trade in the Company’s securities, 
given the heightened risk of actual or perceived Insider Trading, which are sometimes 
referred to as “closed periods” or “black-out periods” (Closed Periods). 
Unless otherwise provided by this Policy, Employees are prohibited from trades involving 
the Company’s securities during Closed Periods, which include: 
(a) 
when the Employee is in possession of price sensitive information, or knowledge 
of material facts or material changes, relating to the Company which has not been 
publicly disclosed; 
(b) 
during the period commencing one month prior to the release of the Company’s 
annual financial results or annual report, and ending one trading day after the 
public disclosure of those results or reports in accordance with Applicable 
Securities Laws and Applicable Exchange Policies; 
(c) 
during the period commencing two weeks prior to the release of the Company’s 
quarterly financial results, and ending one trading day after the public disclosure 
of those results or reports in accordance with Applicable Securities Laws and 
Applicable Exchange Policies; and 
(d) 
any other time periods that may be designated by the Company from time to time. 
(e) 
The Closed Period trading prohibition does not limit any other obligations of 
Employees prescribed by this Policy. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Page 8 
 
Doc ID 746741333/v3 
6.2 
Other restricted periods  
(a) 
Key Management Personnel 
(i) 
The Company reserves the right to impose ad hoc restrictions on its 
Key Management Personnel from trading in its securities in addition to 
the fixed Closed Periods set out in paragraph 6.1.  
(ii) 
In determining when ad hoc restrictions should be imposed on its Key 
Management Personnel, the Company may have regard to any 
imminent announcements of market sensitive information it is 
proposing to make under ASX Listing Rule 3.1. 
(b) 
Other individuals  
(i) 
In addition to the Key Management Personnel, the Company may also 
impose ad hoc trading restrictions on: 
(A) 
staff who work closely with, or in close proximity to, Key 
Management Personnel; 
(B) 
staff who work in the finance area or in a strategic planning 
group; 
(C) 
the next layer of management below Key Management 
Personnel; 
(D) 
staff (such as IT staff) who may have access to email or 
document folders belonging to Key Management Personnel; 
and 
(E) 
family members and entities closely connected to Key 
Management Personnel. 
6.3 
Further restrictions on trading to Employees 
(a) 
The Company has determined that Employees are more likely to be in 
possession of price-sensitive information regarding the Company. As a result, 
further restrictions on dealing in the Company's securities apply to Employees. 
(b) 
Prior to dealing in the Company's securities, Employees must first notify the 
Chair of the proposed type of dealing and the number of securities to be traded 
and seek the Chair's written consent to the proposed dealing in the Company's 
securities.  
6.4 
Exceptions 
(a) 
There are no exceptions to the Policy.  
For personal use only

 
 
 
Page 9 
 
Doc ID 746741333/v3 
6.5 
Notification of Closed Periods 
The Company Secretary will endeavour to notify Employees of all Closed Periods. Even 
when such notification is not provided, however, Closed Periods will apply as set out in 
this Policy. 
6.6 
Consent to trade during Closed Periods 
(a) 
An Employee may trade in the Company’s securities during a Closed Period if 
that person obtains written consent to do so in accordance with this paragraph 
6.6. 
(b) 
An Employee who wishes to trade in the Company’s securities at any time 
(Applicant) must obtain the prior written consent (which may be provided by way 
of an email) of:  
(i) 
the Chair; or 
(ii) 
where the Chair is the Applicant, the chair of the Company’s Audit and 
Risk Committee, 
(collectively, the Decision Maker(s)). 
(c) 
The Decision Maker(s) may only provide written permission to trade in the 
Company’s securities where the Decision Maker(s) is satisfied that the trade 
complies with all Applicable Laws and Company policies. 
(d) 
Any permission provided under this paragraph 6.6 must be obtained by the 
Applicant not less than two trading days before the proposed trade (or such 
shorter period as the Decision Maker(s) may determine). 
(e) 
Any pre-clearance request that has been granted will only be valid for two 
business days following the approval date, unless earlier terminated by the 
Decision Maker(s). If a trade for which pre-clearance has been granted is not 
effected within such period, the trade must be pre-cleared again.  
(f) 
To the extent that a material fact or material change affecting the Company 
remains non-public, persons subject to the pre-clearance requirement will not be 
given permission to trade securities of the Company. Such persons may not be 
informed of the reason they may not trade. Any person that is made aware of the 
reason for an event-specific prohibition on trading shall not disclose the reason 
for the prohibition to third parties and should avoid disclosing the existence of the 
prohibition.  
(g) 
Copies of written approvals of the Decision Maker(s) must be forwarded to the 
Company Secretary prior to the approved trade. 
(h) 
A clearance to trade can be given or refused by the Company in its absolute 
discretion. The Company’s decision to refuse clearance is final and binding on 
the person seeking clearance. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Page 10 
 
Doc ID 746741333/v3 
(i) 
A clearance to trade can be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there 
is a change in circumstances. 
(j) 
If clearance to trade is refused, the person seeking the clearance must keep the 
information relating to the refusal (including the refusal itself) confidential and not 
disclose it to anyone. 
(k) 
Exceptional circumstances may apply to the disposal of the Company’s securities 
by an Employee or a Restricted Person if such person is required by a court order 
or a court enforceable undertaking (for example in a bona fide family settlement, 
to transfer or sell securities of the Company), or if there is some other overriding 
legal or regulatory requirement to do so. Any application for an exemption 
allowing a trade of the Company’s securities during a Closed Period based on 
exceptional circumstances must be made in writing and be accompanied by 
relevant court and/or supporting legal documentation. Any exemption, if issued, 
will be in writing and will contain a specified time period during which the sale of 
securities can be made. 
6.7 
Sales of securities  
Employees need to be mindful of the market perception associated with any trade of the 
Company’s securities and possibly the ability of the market to absorb the volume of 
securities being traded. With this in mind, the management of the trade of any significant 
volume of the Company’s securities (i.e., a volume that would represent a volume in 
excess of 10% of the total securities held by the seller prior to the trade, or a volume to 
be sold that would be in excess of 10% of the average daily traded volume of the shares 
of the Company on the ASX or the TSX-V for the preceding 20 trading days) by an 
Employee must be discussed with the Board prior to the execution of any trade. These 
discussions must be documented in the form of a file note, to be retained by the Company 
Secretary. 
6.8 
Restricted Trades 
Despite any other provision of this Policy: 
(a) 
Employees must not trade in any derivative products or convertible securities 
issued by the Company, including warrants, options, or convertible debt; 
(b) 
Employees must not engage in short-term trading of any of the Company’s 
securities (e.g., purchasing the Company’s shares with an intention to sell them 
within a 12-month period); 
(c) 
Employees must not engage in short selling of the Company’s securities;  
(d) 
Employees must not enter into an arrangement that would have the effect of 
limiting their exposure to risk relating to either unvested remuneration, or vested 
remuneration which remains subject to a holding lock; and 
(e) 
Employees must not enter into any margin lending or other secured financing 
arrangements in respect of the Company’s securities. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Page 11 
 
Doc ID 746741333/v3 
7. 
ASX notification by Directors 
(a) 
Directors are required to notify the Chair and the ASX of any dealing in the 
Company’s securities (either personally or through a third party) which results in 
a change in the relevant interests of the Director in securities in the Company. 
(b) 
While the Corporations Act requires Directors to notify the ASX of any changes 
to their holdings within 14 days (or if also a substantial shareholder as early as 
by 9.30am on the next trading day), the Company is required under the ASX 
Listing Rules to notify the ASX:  
(i) 
of the initial holding of each Director upon appointment and such 
subsequent dealings within five business days of the change; and 
(ii) 
whether the dealing occurred during a Closed Period and if so, whether 
written clearance was obtained and on what date it was obtained.  
(c) 
To enable the Company to comply with these requirements, each Director must 
enter into a letter agreement with the Company in a form consistent with the pro 
forma agreement set out in Attachment 1 to Guidance Note 22 of the ASX Listing 
Rules. Directors must furnish the relevant information as soon as reasonably 
possible and in any event no later than three business days after the date of 
appointment or change, to the Company Secretary who will facilitate the 
transmission of these notifications to the ASX. Notifications will also be tabled 
before the Board. 
8. 
Canadian Insider Reporting - SEDI 
(a) 
Under Canadian securities laws, “reporting insiders” (directors and senior officers 
of the Company and its subsidiaries, and persons or companies, funds or 
organizations owning or controlling more than 10% of the common shares of the 
Company) are required to file insider reports electronically through the “System 
for Electronic Disclosure by Insiders” (“SEDI”) at www.sedi.ca, disclosing their 
direct or indirect beneficial ownership of, or control or direction over, securities of 
the Company. 
(b) 
Insider reports are required to be filed by reporting insiders on SEDI within 10 
days of becoming a reporting insider (for example, on election as a director or 
appointment as a senior officer, if such individual beneficially owns or exercises 
control or direction over the Company’s securities at that time) and thereafter 
within 5 days after any change to previously filed information, or as otherwise 
may be prescribed by Canadian securities laws from time to time. 
(c) 
Filing of insider reports is the responsibility of each reporting insider, not of the 
Company. The Company does not file insider reports on behalf of any reporting 
insiders, but may assist in compliance on request. 
(d) 
Reporting insiders are required to update their insider profile on SEDI: (i) if there 
is a change in the reporting insider’s name, his/her/its relationship to the 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Page 12 
 
Doc ID 746741333/v3 
Company, or if he/she/it ceases to be a reporting insider, within 10 days of the 
event; or (ii) if there has been any other change to the insider profile, at the next 
time of filing an insider report or amended insider profile. There are daily fines for 
late reporting and certain regulatory authorities publish a list of insiders who are 
late reporters. 
9. 
Employment and monitoring 
(a) 
To promote understanding of the Insider Trading prohibitions, related Applicable 
Laws, and this Policy, a copy of this Policy will be distributed to all Employees 
(present and future) and will be available on the Company’s website.  
(b) 
The induction procedures for new Employees must require that a copy of this 
Policy be provided to each new Employee. 
10. 
Compliance 
(a) 
Compliance with the rules set out in this Policy is mandatory and is a condition of 
the employment of each officer and employee by the Company. Infringement of 
the Insider Trading provisions can attract a substantial monetary penalty, 
imprisonment or both in addition to loss of employment or other disciplinary 
action. 
(b) 
Any Employee who does not comply with this Policy will be considered to have 
engaged in serious misconduct which may result in the termination of their 
engagement by the Company. 
(c) 
Ultimate discretion rests with the Chair in respect of granting a waiver to the 
requirements of this Policy to allow Employees to trade in the securities of the 
Company, provided that to do so would comply with Applicable Laws. A waiver 
can be given or refused by the Chair in his or her absolute discretion. The Chair’s 
decision to refuse a waiver is final and binding on the person seeking the waiver. 
11. 
Review 
The Board will review this Policy annually and this Policy may be amended by resolution 
of the Board. 
12. 
Policy responsibility 
Each Employee is responsible for adhering to this Policy. The Company Secretary has 
the responsibility for enforcing this Policy. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Page 13 
 
Doc ID 746741333/v3 
13. 
Disclosure of Policy  
This Policy will be made available, and updated as required, on the Company’s website 
in a clearly marked “Corporate Governance” section. 
 
 
For personal use only
