 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12 July 2022 
 
 
ASX Market Announcements Office 
Australian Securities Exchange 
20 Bridge Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
 
 
Revised Securities Trading Policy 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, please find attached a copy of Breville Group 
Limited’s revised Securities Trading Policy. 
 
A copy of the Securities Trading Policy is also available on the corporate governance section of 
the company’s website at www.brevillegroup.com.au. 
 
This release of this announcement was authorised by Sasha Kitto, Joint Company Secretary. 
 
 
  
 
 
For personal use only

Breville Group Limited 
V0722 
1 
Securities Trading Policy 
  
 
 
 
1. Introduction  
Breville Group Limited (“Breville”) is a public company whose ordinary shares are listed on the ASX 
(ASX: BRG). In Australia, the Corporations Act contains “insider trading” laws that prohibit a person 
from dealing in Securities where that person is in possession of information that is not generally 
available to others, but if it were, it might have a material impact on the price or value of those 
Securities. This policy has been developed in an effort to ensure that Breville’s directors, employees 
and other parties covered by this policy comply with these laws and that their dealings in Breville 
Securities satisfy the highest possible standards of corporate conduct and governance. 
 
Definitions to assist in the interpretation of this policy are set out in section 10.  
 
 
2. Purpose 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
 
• 
assist Employees (as defined below) to understand and comply with the insider trading 
laws; 
 
• 
outline the procedures that must be followed by Employees when dealing in Breville 
Securities; 
 
• 
protect the reputation of Breville from any real or perceived breach of the insider trading 
laws; and 
 
• 
maintain confidence in the integrity of the market for Breville Securities.   
 
This policy applies to all directors and employees of Breville and its controlled entities, as well as 
any contractors or consultants whose terms of engagement apply Breville policies to them 
(collectively, “Employees”). However, certain requirements of this policy apply only to Restricted 
Persons and their Closely Connected Parties – please see section 4. While this policy should be 
read in full, a summary is included in section 9 to assist Employees in understanding their 
obligations.  
 
 
3. Insider trading 
3.1 Insider trading prohibitions 
In accordance with the Corporations Act, an Employee who is in possession of Inside Information in 
relation to Breville must not: 
• 
deal in Breville Securities; 
• 
procure another person to deal in Breville Securities; or 
• 
communicate the Inside Information to another person if they know (or ought to know) that 
the other person is likely to deal in, or procure another person to deal in, Breville Securities. 
Employees should be aware that these prohibitions also apply to the Securities of any other listed 
company if an Employee is in possession of Inside Information in relation to that company. 
 
 
For personal use only

Breville Group Limited 
V0722 
2 
Securities Trading Policy 
  
 
 
 
3.2 Inside Information 
Inside Information is information that is:  
a) not Generally Available; and  
b) if the information were Generally Available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a 
material effect on the price or value of the relevant company's Securities. 
 
Information is considered to be likely to have a material effect on the price or value of Securities of a 
company if the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in 
Securities in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, buy or sell those Securities.  
Employees should note that the insider trading prohibitions apply at all times, notwithstanding any 
other provisions of this policy. Before an Employee deals in Breville Securities (even where the 
Employee has been given approval to deal in accordance with section 4 below), they should consider 
carefully whether they are in possession of any Inside Information that might preclude them from 
dealing at that time. If there is any doubt, the Employee should not deal in Breville Securities. 
 
4. Additional Requirements for Restricted Persons and their Closely Connected Parties 
4.1 Restricted Persons 
Restricted Persons are Employees who, due to the nature of their position in Breville, are likely to 
have regular access to Inside Information. Additional obligations apply to Restricted Persons and 
their Closely Connected Parties if they wish to deal in Breville Securities. 
 
Restricted Persons are Breville’s: 
• 
Directors; 
• 
Chief Executive Officer;  
• 
Group Executives and their senior direct reports;  
• 
Company Secretaries; 
• 
Group financial reporting personnel; and  
• 
any other Employee designated by a Company Secretary from time to time. 
 
Restricted Persons must ensure that their Closely Connected Parties do not breach this policy. If a 
Restricted Person is not sure whether a person or an entity may be one of their Closely Connected 
Parties, the Restricted Person must discuss this with a Company Secretary prior to any proposed 
dealing by that Closely Connected Party. 
 
4.2 Closed Periods 
Restricted Persons and their Closely Connected Parties must not deal in Breville Securities during 
any of the following periods: 
 
a) from the close of trade on the ASX on 31 December of each year (or, if 31 December is not a 
Trading Day, the preceding Trading Day) until trading on the ASX opens on the Trading Day 
following the release of Breville’s half-year results; 
 
b) the close of trade on the ASX on 30 June of each year (or, if 30 June is not a Trading Day, the 
preceding Trading Day) until trading on the ASX opens on the Trading Day following the 
release of Breville’s full-year results; and 
 
For personal use only

Breville Group Limited 
V0722 
3 
Securities Trading Policy 
  
 
 
 
c) 
any other period specified by the Breville Board from time to time, 
 
(collectively, “Closed Periods”). 
 
4.3 Dealing in Breville Securities outside a Closed Period 
Restricted Persons and their Closely Connected Parties require approval to deal in Breville’s 
Securities at any time, even outside a Closed Period. 
 
To request approval to deal outside a Closed Period, a Restricted Person (including where the 
dealing is proposed by a Closely Connected Party of the Restricted Person) must complete a 
‘Request to Deal Form’ (available on the Breville intranet) and submit it to a Company Secretary. 
The Company Secretary will forward the application to the relevant approver, as follows: 
 
Restricted Person 
Approver 
Chair of the Board 
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee 
Breville Director (excluding Chair of the 
Board)  
Chair of the Board 
Chief Executive Officer, Group 
Executive, or a Company Secretary  
Chair of the Board 
All other Restricted Persons 
Company Secretary 
 
The approver may refuse a request, impose conditions on a proposed dealing or revoke a 
previously granted request, and in each case is not obliged to provide reasons for their action. Any 
refusal to approve a request will be final and binding, and the person seeking approval must keep 
that decision confidential.  
 
Any approval will be provided in writing (which may include by email) and will be valid for a period of 
5 business days from (and including) the date of approval. If the approved dealing does not occur in 
this time, the approval will lapse, and a new request will need to be submitted.  
 
Restricted Persons should note that an approval to deal in Breville Securities does not constitute an 
endorsement of the proposed trade. Each individual remains responsible for their own investment 
decisions and compliance with insider trading laws. If a Restricted Person comes into possession of 
Inside Information after receiving an approval to deal in Breville Securities, they must not deal 
despite having received approval.  
 
4.4 Dealing during closed periods in exceptional circumstances 
In exceptional circumstances, Restricted Persons may apply for and be granted approval to deal in 
Breville Securities during a Closed Period, provided they are not in possession of Inside 
Information. 
 
These circumstances are: 
a) the person is suffering severe and unforeseen financial hardship; 
b) the person is bound by a court order, enforceable undertaking or other legal or regulatory 
requirement to transfer or sell Breville Securities; or  
c) 
the person’s circumstances are otherwise exceptional and the proposed dealing is the only 
reasonable course of action available. 
 
To request approval to deal during a Closed Period under exceptional circumstances, a Restricted 
Person must complete a ‘Request to Deal in Exceptional Circumstances Form’ (available on the 
Breville intranet) and submit it to a Company Secretary. The Company Secretary will forward the 
For personal use only

Breville Group Limited 
V0722 
4 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
request to the Chair of the Board or, in the case of the Chair of the Board, to the Chair of the Audit 
and Risk Committee.  
Any approval will be provided in writing (which may include by email) and will be valid for a period of 
five (5) business days from (and including) the date of approval. Even if approval is granted under 
this section, the Restricted Person (and their Closely Connected Parties) must not deal in Breville 
Securities if they are aware of Inside Information in relation to Breville.  
4.5 Confirmation of dealings 
Breville is required to disclose dealings in Breville Securities by a Director (and their Closely 
Connected Parties) within a prescribed period after the occurrence of that dealing.  Breville is also 
required to disclose the equity interests of key management personnel (KMP) in its Annual Report. 
To assist Breville to comply with these requirements, Directors and KMP must notify a Company 
Secretary in writing within one (1) business day of any dealing.  
4.6 Margin lending and similar funding arrangements 
Restricted Persons and their Closely Connected Parties may not include their Breville Securities in 
a margin loan portfolio or similar funding arrangement without first seeking the approval of the Chair 
using the approval procedures described in section 4.3 above. 
4.7 Short selling 
Short selling involves a person borrowing a Security and selling it in anticipation that they will be 
able to buy back that security at a lower price at some point in the future (thereby closing out their 
“short” position at a profit). Restricted Persons and their Closely Connected Parties are prohibited 
from short selling Breville Securities at any time.  Restricted Persons and their Closely Connected 
Parties are also prohibited from “lending” their Breville Securities to any other party for the purposes 
of short selling, Securities lending or for any other purpose. 
5. Other Restrictions
5.1. Limiting economic risk 
No Employee may enter into any agreement, arrangement or scheme (including options, hedging 
arrangements or other Derivative products) whereby the Employee changes the economic benefit or 
risk derived by the Employee in relation to any holding of Breville shares or an equity-based 
incentive award or grant made by Breville to the Employee, irrespective of the outcome under that 
incentive award or grant. 
5.2. Short-term trading 
No Employee may deal in Breville Securities on a short-term basis. Short-term trading includes 
buying and selling securities on market within a 3-month period or entering into other short-term 
dealings such as forward contracts. 
6. Excluded dealings
Subject to an Employee’s obligation to comply with the insider trading laws at all times, this policy 
does not apply to: 
a)
the acquisition of Breville Securities under an offer or invitation made to all or most
shareholders, such as a rights issue, share purchase plan, bonus issue or dividend
reinvestment plan;
For personal use only

Breville Group Limited 
V0722 
5 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
b)
the disposal of Breville Securities through the acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme of
arrangement or equal access buy-back;
c)
the acquisition of Breville Securities under an employee or director equity plan. This includes
where Breville Securities are acquired through the exercise of an option or performance right
granted under such a plan (noting, however, that any subsequent disposal of such Securities
would be subject to this policy);
d)
indirect and incidental trading that occurs as a consequence of dealing in Breville Securities by
a managed investment scheme, listed investment company, exchange-traded fund, or similar
investment vehicle that is managed by a third party and that holds Breville Securities as part of
its portfolio; and
e)
an involuntary disposal of Breville Securities that results from a margin lender or financier
exercising its rights under a margin lending arrangement (provided the arrangement was
previously approved in accordance with this policy).
7. Breaches of this policy
It is the responsibility of each Employee to comply with this policy. 
Insider trading is a criminal offence under the Corporations Act, punishable by substantial fines, 
imprisonment or both. Civil penalties may also apply, including the payment of compensation to 
those who suffer loss or damage as a result of the insider trading.  
Any non-compliance with this policy will be considered by Breville as serious misconduct and may 
lead to disciplinary action, including possible termination of employment. Breville may monitor 
Employees’ trading in connection with the administration of this policy.  
8. Further assistance
Any Employee who is unsure of the nature of the information that they have in their possession and 
whether they may deal in Breville Securities, or is otherwise unsure of any other requirements of 
this policy, should contact a Company Secretary. 
9. Summary
All Employees, including 
Restricted Persons 
Insider trading in Breville Securities or the Securities of any other 
listed entity is prohibited at all times 
No hedging or short-term, speculative trading of Breville Securities 
Restricted Persons only 
Dealing in Breville Securities during a Closed Period is prohibited 
(other than where the individual has obtained prior written approval 
to deal in exceptional circumstances) 
Prior written approval is required to deal in Breville Securities even 
outside a Closed Period 
Short-selling Breville Securities is prohibited 
Prior written approval is required for the inclusion of Breville 
Securities in margin-lending or similar funding arrangements 
For personal use only

Breville Group Limited 
V0722 
6 
Securities Trading Policy 
  
 
 
 
 
Restricted Persons must ensure their Closely Connected Parties 
comply with these requirements 
 
 
10. Definitions  
In this policy: 
ASX means ASX Limited. 
 
Breville means Breville Group Limited and, where applicable, its controlled entities. 
 
Breville Securities means any shares or other Securities of Breville.  
 
Closed Period has the meaning given in section 4.2 of this policy. 
 
Closely Connected Parties includes: 
a)  certain family members of a Restricted Person, such as their spouse and dependent children; 
and 
b) any entity which the Restricted Person or a person referred to in (a) above controls or has an 
ability to control.  
 
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
 
Dealing includes: 
a) any application for acquisition or disposal of any Securities;  
b) entering into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of any Securities; and  
c) 
the grant, acceptance, acquisition, disposal, exercise or discharge of any option or other right or 
obligation to acquire or dispose of Securities. 
 
Derivative includes a derivative within the meaning of section 761D of the Corporations Act (such 
as an option, forward contract, swap, future, warrant, cap and collar) and any other transaction in a 
financial product that limits the economic risk associated with holding the relevant Securities. 
Employee has the meaning given in section 2 of this policy. 
Generally Available in relation to information, means any such information which: 
a) is readily observable;  
b) has been made known in a manner which is likely to bring it to the attention of persons who 
commonly invest in securities provided that a reasonable period for that information to be 
disseminated has elapsed since it was made known; or  
c) 
consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information falling under 
either paragraphs (a) or (b) above.  
 
Group Executive means a direct report of Breville’s Chief Executive Officer. 
 
Inside Information has the meaning given in section 3.2 of this policy. 
Restricted Person has the meaning given in section 4.1 of this policy. 
Securities includes:  
For personal use only

Breville Group Limited 
V0722 
7 
Securities Trading Policy 
  
 
 
 
a) ordinary shares;  
b) preference shares; and  
c) 
options. 
 
Trading Day means a day on which ASX is open for trading. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Adopted by the Board of Breville Group Limited with effect from 11 July 2022. 
For personal use only
