BrainChip Holdings Ltd (ASX:BRN) | Securities Trading Policy| Page 1 
 [7564849: 23479365_1] 
 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
BrainChip Holdings Ltd ("Company") 
 
1. 
SCOPE 
 
This policy sets out the Company's policy on dealing by Directors and employees in: 
1.1 
Securities of the Company (the “Company Securities”); and 
1.2 
Securities of other entities. 
If you do not understand any part of this policy, the summary of the law, or how it\ applies 
to you, you should raise the matter with the Company’s CFO before dealing with any 
Securities covered by this policy. 
 
2. 
PURPOSE 
 
Under Australian legislation, the insider trading laws operate to prohibit people in 
possession of non–public price sensitive information (“Inside Information”) from dealing 
in Securities or passing on the information to other people who may deal in Securities. 
Given the restrictions imposed by law, this policy is relevant to all Directors and employees 
of the Company and their associates. This policy also imposes additional restrictions 
(described below) on: 
2.1 
all Directors and officers of the Company including the CEO; 
2.2 
all direct reports to the CEO (Senior Executives); 
2.3 
their associates (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) including, close 
family members and trusts and entities controlled by them; and 
2.4 
other persons identified by the Company from time to time, 
(“Restricted Persons”) 
3. 
MEANING OF SECURITIES 
 
For the purposes of this policy Securities means shares, debentures, options to subscribe 
for new shares and options over existing shares, warrant contracts and other derivatives 
relating to the shares. 
 
4. 
INSIDER TRADING LAWS 
 
4.1 
Prohibition 
 
If you have any Inside Information about the Company (or another relevant entity, 
such as a company with which the Company is considering a transaction) which 
is not publicly known, it is a criminal offence for you to: 
• 
trade in the Company Securities (or Securities of the other relevant 
entity); 
For personal use only

BrainChip Holdings Ltd (ASX:BRN) | Securities Trading Policy| Page 2 
 [7564849: 23479365_1] 
• 
advise or procure another person to trade in the Company Securities (or 
  
Securities of the other relevant entity); or 
 
• 
pass on (directly or indirectly) Inside Information to someone else 
(including colleagues, family or friends) knowing (or where you should 
have reasonably known) that the other person will, or is likely to, use  that 
information to trade in, or procure someone else to trade in, the Company 
Securities (or Securities of the other relevant entity). 
4.2 
Consequences of insider trading 
This offence, called "insider trading", can subject you to: 
• 
criminal liability including large fines and/or imprisonment; 
• 
a civil penalty; and 
• 
civil liability, which may include being sued for any loss suffered as a result 
of illegal trading. 
 
4.3 
Inside information 
 
"Inside information" is information that: 
• 
is not generally available; and 
• 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have 
a material effect on the price or value of Company Securities or on a 
decision to buy or sell Company Securities. 
• 
The financial impact of the information is important, but strategic and other 
implications can be equally important in determining whether information 
is inside information. The definition of information is broad enough to 
include rumours, matters of supposition, intentions of a person (including 
the Company) and information which is insufficiently definite to warrant 
disclosure to the public. 
Importantly, you need not be an "insider" to come across Inside Information. That 
is, it does not matter how you come to know the inside information (for example, 
you could learn it in the course of carrying out your responsibilities or in passing 
in the corridor or in a lift or at a dinner party). 
 
4.4 
Insider trading is prohibited at all times 
 
If you possess Inside Information, you must not buy or sell the Company 
Securities, advise or get others to do so or pass on the Inside Information to 
others. This prohibition applies regardless of how you learn the information. 
The prohibition on insider trading applies not only to information concerning the 
Company Securities. If a person has Inside Information in relation to Securities of 
another company, that person must not deal in those Securities. 
The insider trading prohibitions apply even when a trade falls within an exclusion 
to the restrictions on trading set out in this policy if it is undertaken by, or procured 
by, someone in possession of Inside Information at the time of the trade. 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

BrainChip Holdings Ltd (ASX:BRN) | Securities Trading Policy| Page 3 
 [7564849: 23479365_1] 
5. 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
 
Related to the above, Directors and employees also have a duty of confidentiality to the 
Company. You must not reveal any confidential information concerning the Company, use 
that information in any way which may injure or cause loss to the Company, or use that 
confidential information to gain an advantage for yourself. 
 
6. 
TRADING RESTRICTIONS IMPOSED BY THIS POLICY 
 
6.1 
Additional restrictions 
 
Additional restrictions (described below) on trading the Company Securities apply 
to Restricted Persons (as defined above). The additional restrictions in this policy 
do not prohibit Restricted Persons from acquiring Securities under a Company 
dividend reinvestment plan or an employee share plan, if either plan exists 
(however, the additional restrictions will apply to any subsequent trading of the 
Company Securities acquired under those plans). 
 
6.2 
Reasons for additional restrictions 
 
Restricted Persons are in positions where it may be assumed that they may come 
into possession of Inside Information and, as a result, any trading by Restricted 
Persons may embarrass or reflect badly on them or on the Company (even if a 
Restricted Person has no actual Inside Information at the time). This policy is 
designed to avoid the possibility that misconceptions, misunderstandings or 
suspicions might arise due to trading by Restricted Persons in Securities. 
 
6.3 
Blackout periods 
 
Restricted Persons must not deal in the Company's Securities during any of the 
following blackout periods: 
• 
the period each year from the close of trading at the end of the full financial 
year until 10.00am on the next trading day following the earlier of the 
announcement to the ASX of the preliminary final statement or full year 
results; 
• 
the period each year from the close of trading at the end of the financial 
half year until 10.00am on the next trading day following the 
announcement of half-yearly results;  
• 
the period each year from the close of trading at the end of the financial 
quarter until 10.00am on the next trading day following the announcement to 
the ASX of any material quarterly filing (e.g. Appendix 4C); and 
• 
any other period that the Company specifies from time to time as applying 
to any particular Securities held by a Restricted Person. 
6.4 
No speculative short term trading 
Restricted Persons should not trade in the Company's Securities on a short term 
basis or for speculative trading gain. 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

BrainChip Holdings Ltd (ASX:BRN) | Securities Trading Policy| Page 4 
 [7564849: 23479365_1] 
6.5 
Exceptional circumstances 
 
If a Restricted Person needs to deal in the Company's Securities due to 
exceptional circumstances but such dealing would breach this policy, the 
Restricted Person must apply to the person specified in rule 7 for a waiver from 
compliance with the provisions in rules 6.3 or 6.4. 
 
Exceptional circumstances include severe financial hardship, compulsion by a 
court order or any other circumstances that are deemed exceptional by the 
person described in rule 7. 
The Restricted Person seeking a waiver under this rule must apply in writing to 
the person specified in rule 7 setting out the circumstances of the proposed 
dealing (including an explanation as to the severe financial hardship or 
circumstances that are otherwise exceptional) and the reason the waiver is 
requested. A waiver will only be granted if the Restricted Person's application is 
accompanied by sufficient evidence (in the opinion of the person specified in rule 
7) that the dealing of the relevant Securities is the most reasonable course of 
action available in the circumstances. 
If a waiver is granted, the Restricted Person will be notified in writing (which may 
include notification via email) and in each circumstance the duration of the waiver 
to deal in Securities will be 2 trading days. 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this rule 
must comply with the other sections of this policy (to the extent applicable). The 
insider trading prohibitions apply even when a trade falls within this rule 6.5 if it is 
undertaken by, or procured by, someone in possession of inside information at 
the time of the trade. 
 
6.6 
Permitted dealings 
 
Where rules 4.1, 6.3 or 6.4 do not apply, Restricted Persons are permitted to 
trade the Company Securities subject to the notification and approval 
requirements set out below. 
If a Restricted Person proposes to deal in the Company’s Securities at any time 
outside the blackout periods specified in rule 6.3, the Restricted Person must first: 
• 
provide prior written notice of their intention to deal in Company Securities 
by completing and submitting an Application Form (in the form of 
Attachment 1) to the applicable person noted in the table in rule 7; 
• 
obtain prior written clearance to deal in the Company’s Securities from the 
applicable person noted in the table in section 7 by completing and 
submitting an Application Form (in the form of Attachment 1); and 
• 
provide confirmation to the applicable person noted in the table in section 
7 that they are not in possession of any inside information, 
at least two trading days before the proposed dealing. 
The proposed dealing must not be entered into until written clearance has been 
given by the applicable nominated in section 7. 
Any approval to trade can be given, withdrawn or refused by the Company in its 
discretion without giving any reasons. A decision to refuse approval is final and 
binding on the person seeking the approval. If approval to trade Company 
Securities is refused, the person seeking the approval must keep that information 
For personal use only

BrainChip Holdings Ltd (ASX:BRN) | Securities Trading Policy| Page 5 
 [7564849: 23479365_1] 
confidential and not disclose it to anyone. Any approval to trade under this policy 
is not an endorsement from the Company and the person doing the trade is 
individually responsible for their investment decisions and their compliance with 
insider trading laws. 
 
If granted, trading consent is only valid for a period of 5 business days after 
notification of approval. Trading consent is automatically deemed to be withdrawn 
if the person becomes aware of inside information prior to trading. 
The insider trading prohibitions apply even when a trade is permitted under this 
section if it is undertaken by, or procured by, someone in possession of inside 
information at the time of the trade. 
 
6.7 
Requirements after trading 
 
Once a Restricted Person has completed a trade in the Company Securities, the 
relevant person described in rule 7, must be: 
• 
advised that the trade has been completed; and 
• 
in the case of Directors, provided with sufficient information to enable the 
Company to comply with its ASX reporting obligations (including date, 
price, volume and whether the change occurred during a blackout period 
and if so, whether written clearance was provided). This information must 
be provided to ASX as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event 
no later than three business days after the date of the change. 
 
6.8 
No hedging 
 
A Restricted Person must not, without prior written approval by the relevant 
person specified in rule 7, engage in hedging arrangements, deal in derivatives 
or enter into other arrangements which vary economic risk related to the 
Company's Securities including, for example, dealing in warrants, equity swaps, 
put and call options, contracts for difference and other contracts intended to 
secure a profit or avoid a loss based on fluctuations in the price of the Company's 
Securities. This provision includes engaging in hedging or other arrangements 
that would have the effect of limiting the economic risk in connection with 
Company Securities including Securities which are unvested, subject to a holding 
lock or issued pursuant to an equity-based remuneration scheme. 
 
6.9 
Margin lending 
 
Restricted Persons must not take out margin loans over their holdings in the 
Company unless they have first obtained prior written consent from the applicable 
person noted in the table in section 7. 
Restricted Persons must ensure they have sufficient available cash or collateral 
to meet any margin calls in relation to any approved margin loans, including in 
periods of volatility. 
 
6.10 
Exceptions to Trading Restrictions 
 
The following types of dealing are excluded from the operation of this policy and 
may be undertaken at any time (subject to complying with the insider trading 
prohibitions outlined above in section 4.4): 
• 
transfers to related entities - transfers of Company Securities between a 
For personal use only

BrainChip Holdings Ltd (ASX:BRN) | Securities Trading Policy| Page 6 
 [7564849: 23479365_1] 
Restricted Person and someone closely related to the Restricted Person 
(such as a spouse, minor child, family controlled company or family trust) 
or by a Restricted Person to their superannuation fund, in respect of which 
prior written clearance has been provided in accordance with the 
procedures set out in this policy; 
• 
employee share and option plans – a Restricted Person acquiring 
Company Securities or exercising an option or right under a Company 
employee incentive scheme subject to the terms of the relevant employee 
incentive scheme. However, the additional restrictions in this policy will 
apply to any subsequent trade of Company Securities issued to (or for the 
benefit of) a Restricted Person on the exercise of options granted under 
an employee share or option plan; 
• 
employee share plan trust – the sale of Company Securities (held by or 
on behalf of a Restricted Person) by a trustee under an employee share 
plan trust for the purpose of satisfying a Restricted Person’s withholding 
tax liability in relation to Company Securities; 
• 
dividend reinvestment plan – a Restricted Person acquiring Company 
Securities under any Company dividend reinvestment plan (if any). 
However, the additional restrictions under this policy will apply to any 
subsequent trading of Company Securities acquired under a dividend 
reinvestment plan; 
• 
rights offers, share purchase plans and buy-backs (or other pro- 
rata/generalised offers) – trading under an offer or invitation made to all 
or most of the security holders, such as a rights issue, a security plan 
purchase and an equal access buy-back, where the plan  that determines 
the timing and structure of the offer has been approved by Board. This 
includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements 
and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the 
balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
• 
takeover offer, scheme of arrangement – a disposal of securities arising 
from the acceptance of a takeover or scheme of arrangement in 
accordance with the Corporations Act; 
• 
third party discretion – an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or 
other scheme (other than a scheme only investing in Company Securities) 
where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the 
discretion of a third party; 
• 
trading plan – an acquisition or disposal of securities under a pre- 
determined investment or divestment plan for which prior written 
clearance has been provided in accordance with the procedures set out 
in this policy and where: 
o the Restricted Person did not enter into or amend the plan during a 
prohibited period; and 
o the plan does not permit the Restricted Person to exercise any 
discretion over how, when or whether to acquire or dispose of 
securities; 
• 
disposal under margin lending arrangement – an involuntary disposal of 
securities that results from a margin lender or financier exercising its rights 
under a margin lending or other secured financing arrangement that has 
previously been approved in accordance with this policy; and 
For personal use only

BrainChip Holdings Ltd (ASX:BRN) | Securities Trading Policy| Page 7 
 [7564849: 23479365_1] 
• 
other - any other permitted dealings as approved by the Board from time 
to time and notified to Restricted Persons. 
 
 
7. 
CONSENTS AND NOTIFICATIONS 
 
Where this policy requires a notification to occur, or consent, or waiver to be obtained 
(unless the context requires otherwise) the table below sets out whom each Restricted 
Person must notify or seek approval from. 
 
 
Restricted Person 
Person to notify and obtain 
consent 
Chair of the Board 
The Board 
Other Directors (including CEO) 
Chair of the Board 
Senior Executives and other persons 
identified by the Company from time 
to time 
Chair of the Board 
 
8. 
BREACHES OF THIS POLICY 
 
Strict compliance with this policy is a condition of employment or engagement by the 
Company. Breaches of this policy will be regarded as serious misconduct and may lead 
to disciplinary action, which may include termination of employment or engagement by the 
Company. 
 
9. 
FURTHER INFORMATION 
 
For more information about this policy, contact the Company’s CFO.
For personal use only

BrainChip Holdings Ltd (ASX:BRN) | Securities Trading Policy| Page 8 
 [7564849: 23479365_1] 
 
 
Attachment 1 – Application Form 
 
Applicant Name 
Date 
Security Ticker 
Code 
(please circle) 
BRN / Other   
 
Type of Trade 
(please circle) 
Buy / Sell 
Quantity 
Price 
(please circle) 
At market / At specified price $  
 
Blackout Periods 
The Company prohibits trading in its securities during the 
following blackout periods: 
• 
the period each year from the close of trading at the end of 
the full financial year until 10.00am on the next trading day 
following the announcement to the ASX of the preliminary 
final statement or full year results; 
• 
the period each year from the close of trading at the end of 
the financial half year until 10.00am on the next trading day 
following the announcement of half-yearly results; and 
• 
any other period that the Company specifies from time to 
time as applying to any particular Securities held by a 
Restricted Person. 
Please confirm that you are seeking approval to trade outside of 
the Blackout Periods as set out above (please circle): 
Confirmed 
Inside Information 
Are you in possession of any “inside information” as that term is 
defined in BrainChip Holding Ltd’s (BrainChip or Company) 
Securities Trading Policy (please circle)? 
Yes / No 
Acknowledgement 
by Applicant 
Please sign below to acknowledge your agreement with the 
following, pursuant to the Company’s Securities Trading Policy: 
• 
I am aware of, have read and understood the Company’s 
Securities Trading Policy. 
• 
I am not in possession of any “inside information” as that 
term is defined in BrainChip’s Securities Trading Policy. 
For personal use only

BrainChip Holdings Ltd (ASX:BRN) | Securities Trading Policy| Page 9 
 [7564849: 23479365_1] 
 
• 
The trading in securities does not contravene the 
Company’s Securities Trading Policy. 
• 
I am not involved in any speculative trading in BrainChip’s 
securities 
• 
I understand that dealing in securities when I have “inside 
information” is against the law despite any approval or 
waiver granted to me by BrainChip. 
• 
I acknowledge that it is my responsibility to ensure that I, 
my spouse and any associates or related parties are not in 
possession of “inside information” at the time of dealing 
and I confirm that I will not transact if I, my spouse or 
associates or related parties obtain “inside information” 
between the time of submitting this application and dealing 
in securities. 
• 
I acknowledge that approval of my Application may be 
refused at the discretion of the Chair without the provision 
of reasons thereto. 
• 
I hereby declare that the information I have provided in this 
Application is true and correct. 
• 
Note: for the purpose of this Application Form, the term 
“inside information” has the meaning given to it in 
BrainChip’s Securities Trading Policy. 
Signature of 
Applicant 
For use by the Company only: 
Authorisation 
This Application is (please circle): Approved / Rejected, 
subject to the trade being conducted by: 
(date) 
Signature of Chair 
Please sign below to acknowledge that you agree with the 
following: 
• 
Having checked, it is not a Blackout Period and I am not 
aware that any announcement to ASX is planned or 
otherwise reasonably anticipated to be made in the near 
future. 
• 
I am not aware of any reason approval should be refused. 
 
 
[insert name] 
Date 
Chair 
 
For personal use only
