 
 
 
BlueScope Steel Limited    ABN 16 000 011 058  
BlueScope is a trade mark of BlueScope Steel Limited   
www.bluescope.com       
Page 1 of 1 
 
 
In accordance with Listing Rule 12.10, attached is a copy of the Company’s updated Securities Trading 
Policy as at 21 October 2016.  
 
Yours sincerely 
Michael Barron 
Company Secretary 
 
 
26 October 2016 
Company Announcements 
ASX Limited 
20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY NSW 2000 
Dear Sir, 
Re: 
Securities Trading Policy  
BlueScope Steel Limited 
ABN 16 000 011 058 
Level 11, 120 Collins Street 
Melbourne VIC 3000 
AUSTRALIA 
P  +61 3 9666 4000 
www.bluescope.com 
For personal use only

 
 
Policy and Guidelines 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
37468 
Last Amended:   21 October 2016 
 
Introduction and 
purpose 
BlueScope Steel Limited (BlueScope Steel) aims to achieve high standards of corporate 
conduct and governance. BlueScope Steel is committed to ensuring that the Company and its 
employees do not breach prohibitions on insider trading or create any perception of 
employees dealing in securities when they should not do so. 
The Board considers that compliance with this policy is essential to ensure that high standards 
of conduct are being met by all directors and employees of BlueScope Steel. 
The purpose of this document is to detail the policy covering restrictions on dealing in 
BlueScope Steel securities and to establish a procedure relating to trading in securities that 
provides protection to both BlueScope Steel and employees against the misuse of 
unpublished information that could materially affect the value of securities.  
If you do not understand any part of this policy or the summary of the law, or how it applies to 
you, you should raise the matter with your manager or the Legal Department before dealing 
with any securities covered by this policy. 
Employees covered 
by this policy 
This policy imposes trading restrictions on all employees of BlueScope Steel and its related 
companies who are in possession of inside information, and additional trading restrictions on 
the following people in BlueScope Steel and its related companies (Restricted Persons): 
 
all Directors; 
 
all Executive Leadership Team members; 
 
all direct reports to Executive Leadership Team members; 
 
all BlueScope Steel Executives; 
 
all employees having access to the monthly consolidated financial information; and 
 
other employees as nominated from time to time. 
Insider trading laws 
Insider trading laws cover all directors and employees.  If you have any inside information 
which is not publicly known, it is a criminal offence for you to: 
 
trade in BlueScope Steel securities, 
 
advise or procure another person to trade in BlueScope Steel securities, or 
 
pass on inside information to someone else – including colleagues, family or friends - 
knowing (or where you should have reasonably known) that the other person will use 
that information to trade in, or procure someone else to trade in, BlueScope Steel 
securities. 
This offence, called "insider trading", can subject you to criminal liability including large fines 
and/or imprisonment, and civil liability, which may include being sued by another party or 
BlueScope Steel, for any loss suffered as a result of illegal trading or being fined under civil 
penalty provisions. 
Confidential 
information 
You also have a duty of confidentiality to BlueScope Steel.  You must not reveal any 
confidential information concerning BlueScope Steel, use that information in any way that may 
injure or cause loss to BlueScope Steel, or use that confidential information to gain an 
advantage for yourself. 
For personal use only

 
 
Policy and Guidelines 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
2. 
37468 
What is "inside 
information"? 
Inside information is information that: 
 
is not generally available, and 
 
if it were generally available, it would – or would be likely to – influence investors in 
deciding whether to buy or sell BlueScope Steel securities. 
It does not matter how you come to know the inside information (including whether you learn 
it in the course of carrying out your responsibilities or in passing in the corridor, or in a lift, or 
outside the work environment). 
The financial impact of the information is an important factor but strategic and other 
implications can be equally important in determining whether information is inside 
information.  The definition of information is broad enough to include rumours, matters of 
supposition, intentions of a person (including BlueScope Steel) and information that is 
insufficiently definite to warrant disclosure to the public. 
Insider trading is 
prohibited at all 
times 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in this policy, if you possess inside information, you 
must not trade in BlueScope Steel securities, advise, or get others to do so, or pass on the 
inside information to others.  This prohibition applies regardless of how you learn the 
information. 
Securities of other 
companies 
The prohibition on insider trading applies not only to information concerning BlueScope Steel 
securities but also if you have inside information relating to any other company that is not 
publicly available.  
Restrictions extend 
to all forms of 
securities and 
trading 
The restriction on trading securities in this policy includes: 
 
buying or selling shares, or any other form of security issued by a company, such as 
options, debentures or notes; 
 
buying or selling financial products issued or created over securities by third parties, 
such as such as warrants, put options or call options; 
 
short or forward trading any security or financial product listed above; 
 
entering into any other form of derivative contract relating to a security, such as a cap 
or collar facility; and 
 
any other transaction that limits the economic risk of holding a security. 
No derivatives over 
unvested or 
restricted 
BlueScope Steel 
securities 
BlueScope Steel shares or share rights may be granted to employees of BlueScope Steel as 
part of their remuneration. The use of derivative contracts in relation to unvested or restricted 
securities could distort the proper functioning of performance hurdles and reduce the intended 
alignment between management and shareholder interests. 
Employees who hold unvested or restricted BlueScope Steel securities must: 
 
comply with the terms of issue of those securities; and 
 
not enter any transaction that limits the economic risk of holding unvested or restricted 
securities. This includes not entering any transaction to manage the risk of the timing, 
likelihood or manner of vesting, or unrestricted vesting, of any unvested or restricted 
BlueScope Steel securities. 
No short-term 
trading 
 
A Restricted Person must not deal in BlueScope Steel securities for short-term gain. 
For the purposes of this policy „short-term‟ is defined as within a 9 month period. Accordingly, 
any dealing in the same BlueScope Steel securities within a 9 month period is prohibited. For 
example, if BlueScope Steel shares are purchased on 1 January, those BlueScope Steel 
shares may not be sold until 2 October. 
This does not restrict the sale of BlueScope Steel securities after the vesting of share rights or 
the end of a restriction period. 
For personal use only

 
 
Policy and Guidelines 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
3. 
37468 
Transactions that 
may involve a 
forced sale of 
BlueScopeSteel 
securities 
From the date this section takes effect, Restricted Persons must not enter into any new 
arrangements under which their BlueScope Steel securities are pledged as collateral for a 
loan or other agreement which could permit a sale of those securities without the security 
holder‟s consent. 
Trading by 
Restricted Persons 
Restricted Persons are only permitted to trade BlueScope Steel securities:  
 
during the specific "trading windows" detailed below; and  
 
if they have notified the Company Secretary in writing in advance and received 
clearance (see further below),  
Trading by Restricted Persons at other times is only permitted in the special circumstances 
described below.  
For the avoidance of doubt, trading between Restricted Persons,their Family Members  and/or 
their Controlled Entities (both as defined below) are covered by this restriction. 
The trading windows are:  
 
the 45 day periods from the commencement of trading the day following the 
announcement of the half year results and the day following the announcement of the 
full year results; and 
 
the 15 day period from the commencement of the trading day following the Annual 
General Meeting. 
Prior to the scheduled opening of a trading window, the Board, in its absolute discretion, will 
consider current and expected corporate activity and determine whether it is appropriate to 
modify that trading window for any Restricted Person or group of Restricted Persons. The 
Board may also decide to open a special trading window. 
Reasons for the 
additional trading 
restrictions on 
Restricted Persons 
Restricted Persons are in positions where it may be assumed that they have inside information 
and, as a result, trading by Restricted Persons other than in accordance with this policy may 
embarrass or reflect badly on them or on BlueScope Steel (even if they have no actual inside 
information at the time). 
This policy is designed to avoid the possibility that misconceptions, misunderstandings or 
suspicions might arise. 
Permitted Trading  
The trading windows imposed on Restricted Persons do not restrict: 
 
participation in share plans offered by the Company, provided the election to 
participate in the relevant plan is made during a trading window (this does not permit 
trading in shares acquired under Company share plans outside of trading windows);  
 
the exercise of vested share rights; 
 
acceptance of a takeover offer; or 
 
trading under an offer made to all or most security holders (e.g. a rights issue, dividend 
re-investment plan or share buy-back). 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Policy permits trading in contravention of the insider 
trading provisions of the Corporations Act.   
Controlled Entities 
An employee or director must ensure that any Controlled Entity (as defined below) of that 
employee or director does not trade in BlueScope Steel securities except in accordance with 
this Policy (and as if the Controlled Entity itself was a Restricted Person). 
"Controlled Entity" means, in relation to an employee or director, an entity in relation to which 
the employee or director has investment control in respect of dealings in BlueScope Steel 
securities. 
For personal use only

 
 
Policy and Guidelines 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
4. 
37468 
Family Members 
An employee or director who is a Restricted Person must take reasonable steps to ensure that 
any Family Member (as defined below) of that employee or director does not trade in 
BlueScope Steel securities except in a trading window and otherwise in accordance with this 
Policy. 
 “Family Members” means spouses and children who are co-resident with the employee or 
director.  
Requirements 
before trading 
Before trading in BlueScope Steel securities during the trading windows, a Restricted Person 
must: 
 
advise the Company Secretary in writing of the Restricted Person's, or the Restricted 
Person's Controlled Entities, (as applicable) intention to trade in securities; 
 
confirm that the Restricted Person does not hold unpublished inside information; and 
 
have been advised in writing that there is no known reason to preclude the trading in 
BlueScope Steel securities. 
The approval to trade in BlueScope Steel securities is valid for 10 trading days from the time 
the approval is given, and may be revoked at any time. 
If the proposed dealing in the securities does not occur within this 10 trading day period, the 
approval lapses and must be reapplied for. 
Any disclosure under this paragraph must be made through the Company Secretary.  In the 
case of the Chairman, any notification required must be made to the Board through the 
Company Secretary. 
Trading outside the 
windows in special 
circumstances 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from trading in BlueScope Steel securities at times outside 
the trading windows, however if a genuine and pressing requirement for funds causes a need 
to sell BlueScope Steel securities, then exceptions may be considered. 
Exceptions will not be considered in the case of trading resulting from a forced sale in breach 
of this policy. 
Other than Permitted Trading, Restricted Person must not trade outside a trading window 
unless they have notified their request to the Chairman in writing in advance and received 
written clearance to do so.  Any request to trade outside the trading windows must be made 
through the Company Secretary. 
In the case of the Chairman, any notification required must be made to the Board through the 
Company Secretary. 
Any such request must include confirmation that the Director or employee does not hold any 
inside information. Clearance to trade in these circumstances will be valid for a period of 10 
trading days from the day after approval is given. 
Breaches of policy 
Strict compliance with this policy is a condition of employment.  Breaches of this policy will be 
subject to disciplinary action, which may include termination of employment. 
More information 
For more information about this policy, contact the Company Secretary. 
 
For personal use only
