 
{CW 00092511} 
Brambles Limited
ABN 89 118 896 021
Level 40 Gateway 1 Macquarie Place
Sydney NSW 2000 Australia
GPO Box 4173 Sydney NSW 2001
Tel +61 2 9256 5222 Fax +61 2 9256 5299
www.brambles.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
3 July 2017 
 
 
 
The Manager-Listings 
Australian Securities Exchange Limited 
Exchange Centre 
20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY NSW 2000 
 
Via electronic lodgement 
 
 
 
Dear Sir 
 
Brambles Limited: Securities Trading Policy 
 
Pursuant to ASX Listing Rule 12.10, attached is a revised Brambles Limited Securities 
Trading Policy which comes into effect today. 
 
 
Yours faithfully 
Brambles Limited 
 
 
 
 
Robert Gerrard 
Company Secretary 
For personal use only

 
{CW 00092511} 
 
 
 
This page intentionally left blank 
For personal use only

 
{RNG 00092207 v2} 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
Brambles Limited 
 
 
 
Instituted: 
4 December 2006 
 
Amended: 
20 August 2007,  
6 June 2008,       
14 October 2010, 
 
 
1 July 2014, 
 
 
1 June 2015, 
 
 
and 3 July 2017 
 
For personal use only

 
{RNG 00092207 v2}SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 1 
REV: 3 JULY 2017 
This Policy uses a number of defined terms, which begin with a capital letter when used. The 
definitions are set out in section 7, at the end of this Policy. 
 
1. 
Introduction 
Directors and employees are encouraged to be long-term holders of Brambles shares. As 
Brambles is listed on the ASX (which means its shares are publicly traded on that exchange), 
it is important, however, that care is taken in the timing of any Dealing in Brambles shares or 
other Brambles Securities. 
This document sets out Brambles’ policy on Dealing in Brambles Securities and in the 
Securities of other companies by “Designated Persons”. The purpose of this Policy is: 
(a) 
to assist those persons to avoid conduct known as “insider trading” (or “insider 
dealing”); and 
(b) 
to protect Brambles against potentially damaging adverse inferences being drawn that 
its senior officers and personnel may have engaged in unlawful activity, or acted for 
their personal benefit using information not available to the public. 
For these reasons, this Policy extends in some respects beyond the strict legal requirements 
in Australia. 
This Policy includes: 
(a) 
rules which must be followed by Designated Persons who wish to Deal in Brambles 
Securities, including a mandatory pre-approval process; 
(b) 
a prohibition on Dealing in Securities in another company by Designated Persons 
when that Designated Person has price sensitive information about that company 
which is not generally available; and 
(c) 
a brief overview of the law in relation to insider trading in Australia. This summary is 
not intended as a complete statement of the law in this area, and is provided by way 
of background material only. 
 
BRAMBLES TAKES COMPLIANCE WITH THIS POLICY SERIOUSLY. A BREACH OF 
THIS POLICY BY ANY EMPLOYEE WILL BE REGARDED AS A BREACH OF THEIR 
CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT AND MAY RESULT IN TERMINATION. 
 
If you have any questions in relation to the operation of this Policy, you should contact the 
Company Secretary as follows: 
Robert Gerrard 
Group Vice President, Legal and Secretariat 
Sydney, Australia 
Tel:  
+61 2 9256 5271 
Email: robert.gerrard@brambles.com 
For personal use only

 
{RNG 00092207 v2}SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 2 
REV: 3 JULY 2017 
2. 
Rules for trading in Brambles Securities 
2.1 
Designated Persons 
This Policy applies to the following persons: 
(a) 
the Directors and Company Secretary of Brambles; 
(b) 
any person who has ceased to be an Executive Director but remains an employee of 
the Group; 
(c) 
members of the Brambles Executive Leadership Team and their direct reports; 
(d) 
all personnel employed in a Band 4 (employee director-level) role or above; 
(e) 
all personnel located in Brambles Headquarters in London or Sydney; 
(f) 
any other person who is notified that they are subject to this Policy by the Brambles 
Chief Executive Officer or relevant member of the Brambles Executive Leadership 
Team, or by the Company Secretary; and 
(g) 
in relation to any person under (a) to (f) above, but subject to paragraph 2.7: 
(i) 
their spouse; 
(ii) 
any of their children (including step-children), under 18 years of age; 
(iii) 
their nominee, including an investment manager managing funds on their 
behalf; 
(iv) 
a trust of which they, any member of their family, or any family controlled 
company, are the trustee or beneficiary;  
(v) 
a person in partnership with them or any of their connected persons 
mentioned in (i) to (iii) above (acting in his or her capacity as such); and 
(vi) 
a company which they or their family control. 
These persons are referred to in this Policy as Designated Persons. 
The names and addresses of Designated Persons will be supplied to Brambles’ share registry 
from time to time, for the purpose of investigating compliance with this Policy and with the 
insider trading prohibition. 
2.2 
General rules 
Designated Persons must not Deal in Brambles Securities when they are in possession of 
price sensitive information relating to Brambles which is not generally available.  (The 
circumstances to determine when information is generally available are described in the last 
paragraph of section 5.1 of this Policy.) 
Designated Persons will not be given clearance to Deal in Brambles Securities under section 
3 of this Policy where price sensitive information exists in relation to a matter which is not 
generally available, even though they may not be aware of it. 
Designated Persons must not engage in Tipping (see paragraph 5.1(b)(iii) below) others with 
respect to Brambles Securities, or securities of any other entity, at any time. 
For personal use only

 
{RNG 00092207 v2}SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 3 
REV: 3 JULY 2017 
2.3 
No short-term trading in the Brambles Securities 
Designated Persons must not engage in short-term or speculative trading in Brambles 
Securities.  They must hold Brambles Securities for a minimum of 30 days.  This does not 
apply to any sale of Brambles Securities acquired as a result of Awards vesting within 30 days 
of that vesting where clearance under section 3 of this Policy had been obtained for that sale. 
2.4 
Derivatives 
Designated Persons must not trade in Brambles Derivatives.  
This applies to Brambles Securities comprising Awards.  It means that Designated 
Persons may not enter into any hedging arrangements or acquire financial products 
(such as equity swaps, caps and collars or other hedging products) over unvested 
Awards which have the effect of reducing or limiting exposure to risks associated with 
the market value of Brambles Securities. 
2.5 
Granting Security Interests Over Brambles Shares 
A Designated Person must not grant a Security Interest over any Brambles Securities they 
hold.  
A common example of a situation to which this paragraph would apply is a margin loan.  
Ordinarily, a margin loan is one under which money is lent for the purposes of enabling 
the borrower to acquire shares or other equity securities.  The security for that loan is 
the shares or equity securities purchased and, sometimes, other shares held by the 
borrower.   
Most margin loans entitle the lender to dispose of the shares to which the loan is 
subject in certain specified circumstances without obtaining the consent of or otherwise 
notifying the borrower.  Sometimes this right can be exercised 24 hours after the 
specified circumstances arise. 
If a Designated Person were to take out a margin loan and the security for that loan 
included Brambles Securities, the lender may be able to sell or otherwise Deal in those 
Securities.  This would be so notwithstanding that, at the relevant time, there may be a 
Closed Period or the Designated Person may be in possession of price sensitive 
information relating to Brambles which is not generally available.  This could cause the 
Designated Person to be in breach of this Policy. 
Although margin loans are a common situation in which Security Interests over 
Brambles shares could be granted, this paragraph applies to any Security Interest over 
Brambles Securities.  Designated Persons may still acquire Brambles Securities 
through a margin or other investment loan if Brambles Securities are not used as 
security for that loan. 
2.6 
When can I Deal in Brambles Securities? 
The only appropriate time for a Designated Person to Deal in Brambles Securities is when 
there is no price sensitive information which is not generally available, whether or not the 
Designated Person is aware of that information. 
In addition to this general rule, Designated Persons are not permitted to Deal in Brambles 
Securities during the period starting on the seventh day before the end of the relevant 
financial reporting period and ending on the first day after the preliminary announcement of 
the half-yearly or annual results (ie from 24 December until the day after the announcement of 
the half-year results at around mid February and from 23 June until the day after the 
announcement of the full year results at around mid August) (“Closed Period”). 
For personal use only

 
{RNG 00092207 v2}SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 4 
REV: 3 JULY 2017 
Brambles may impose other periods when Designated Persons are prohibited from trading, 
because price sensitive information may exist in relation to a matter which is not generally 
available.  These ad hoc periods, together with Closed Periods are called “Prohibited 
Periods”. 
2.7 
Exceptions to general rule 
This Policy does not apply in the following circumstances: 
(a) 
an investment in, or Dealing in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme 
only investing in Brambles Securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme 
are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
(b) 
Dealing under an offer or invitation made to all or most of Brambles’ Security holders, 
such as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend reinvestment plan and an 
equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the 
offer has been approved by the Board (such Dealing includes decisions relating to 
whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to 
provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata 
issue); 
(c) 
Dealing which results in no change to the beneficial interest in the securities (eg 
transfers of Brambles Securities already held by a Designated Person into that 
Designated Person’s superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which the 
Designated Person is a beneficiary); 
(d) 
where a Designated Person is a trustee, Dealing in Brambles Securities by that trust, 
provided that: 
(i) 
the Designated Person is not a beneficiary of the trust; and 
(ii) 
any decision to trade during a Prohibited Period is taken by the other trustees 
or by the investment managers independently of the Designated Person; and 
(iii) 
the Designated Person has not disclosed any inside information to the other 
trustees or the investment managers. 
(e) 
if a Designated Person wishes to make an undertaking to accept, or to accept, a 
takeover offer; 
(f) 
the exercise (but not the sale of Brambles Securities following exercise) of an Award, 
where the final date for the exercise of the Award falls during a Prohibited Period, 
Brambles has been in an exceptionally long Prohibited Period, or has had a number 
of consecutive Prohibited Periods, and the Designated Person could not reasonably 
have been expected to exercise the Award at a time when free to do so; or 
(g) 
trading under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior written clearance has 
been provided pursuant to paragraph 3.1 and where: 
(i) 
the Designated Person did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a 
Prohibited Period; and 
(ii)   
the trading plan does not permit the Designated Person to exercise any 
influence or discretion over how, when, or whether to trade. 
A Designated Person may not cancel the trading plan, cancel or vary the terms of 
their participation in the trading plan, or otherwise cause the trading plan to be 
cancelled or varied during a Prohibited Period other than in exceptional 
circumstances, pursuant to paragraph 3.2. 
For personal use only

 
{RNG 00092207 v2}SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 5 
REV: 3 JULY 2017 
2.8 
Confidentiality agreements with external advisers 
It is possible that, as a result of acting for or advising Brambles, external advisers to Brambles 
may have access to price sensitive information affecting Brambles Securities. 
Whilst these external advisers are not covered by this Policy, it is Brambles' policy to require 
such external advisers to enter into confidentiality agreements covering such price sensitive 
information. 
3. 
Trading approvals 
3.1 
Obtaining Approval 
Before any Designated Person Deals in Brambles Securities, they must first obtain approval 
from: 
(a) 
the Brambles Chairman (or the Deputy Chairman or Chief Executive Officer, where 
the Chairman is not available), in the case of approvals for Directors, any person who 
has ceased to be an Executive Director but is an employee of the Group or the 
Company Secretary; 
(b) 
the Deputy Chairman or Chief Executive Officer, in the case of approvals for the 
Chairman; or 
(c) 
the Company Secretary, in the case of approvals for any other employee. Before 
granting approval, the Company Secretary will seek approval from the Chairman or 
another Director. 
This obligation operates at all times.   
For the avoidance of doubt, this approval process must be followed by Designated Persons 
before they exercise any Awards. 
Designated Persons must not Deal in Brambles Securities (including exercise any Awards) 
until the necessary approval has been given under this paragraph 3.1, evidenced in writing 
(including by email). Approval can be given or refused at Brambles’ discretion without giving 
reasons.  A refusal to approve a request to Deal in Brambles Securities is final and binding on 
the Designated Person seeking that approval. 
If approval is given: 
(d) 
the Designated Person may ordinarily Deal within two business days after receiving 
the approval. The Designated Person will be notified if the clearance position changes 
within those two business days. A further application will need to be made if no 
Dealing takes place within the two business days and the Designated Person still 
wishes to Deal; and 
(e) 
and, before carrying out the Dealing, the Designated Person comes into possession 
of price sensitive information not generally available, that person must not carry out 
that Dealing notwithstanding that it has been approved . 
Designated Persons who have been told that they cannot Deal must not communicate this 
fact to others. 
For personal use only

 
{RNG 00092207 v2}SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 6 
REV: 3 JULY 2017 
3.2 
Trading approvals during Prohibited Periods 
If: 
(a) 
a Designated Person is in severe financial hardship, as set out in paragraph 3.3, or 
there are exceptional circumstances, as set out in paragraph 3.4; and 
(b) 
the Designated Person concerned declares that they do not possess any price 
sensitive information which in not generally available, 
approval may be given by the relevant person authorised under paragraph 3.1, in their 
discretion, to allow that Designated Person to Deal during a Prohibited Period, subject to the 
same conditions as an approval given under paragraph 3.1. 
The Designated Person seeking approval to Deal must satisfy the relevant person(s) 
authorised under paragraph 3.1 that they are in severe financial hardship or that their 
circumstances are otherwise exceptional and that the proposed sale or disposal of Brambles 
Securities is the only reasonable course of action available.  Any such approval must be 
obtained in advance. It cannot be given after the event. 
3.3 
A Designated Person would be in severe financial hardship if they had a pressing financial 
commitment that could not be satisfied otherwise than by selling Brambles Securities.  For 
example, a tax liability of such a person would not normally constitute severe financial 
hardship unless the person had no other means of satisfying the liability. 
3.4 
Exceptional circumstances would exist if: 
(a) 
a Designated Person was required by a court order, or there were court enforceable 
undertakings (eg in a bona fide family settlement) or some other overriding legal or 
regulatory requirement to transfer or sell Brambles Securities; or 
(b) 
there were other circumstances that the Brambles Chairman or the Chief Executive 
Officer (where the Chairman is involved) deemed to be exceptional. 
4. 
Notification of Dealings 
4.1 
Directors are required to notify the Company Secretary within two business days after any 
change in their interests in Brambles Securities, or the interests of any of their connected 
persons listed in paragraph 2.1(e) above.  
This enables Brambles to notify the ASX of the change in interests, which must occur by the 
end of the business day following the receipt of the notification. 
All other Designated Persons are required to notify the Company Secretary of any Dealing in 
Brambles Securities within five business days of effecting such a Dealing. 
4.2 
Notifications of Dealing given pursuant to paragraph 4.1 must be sent to the Company 
Secretary in writing (including by email). 
For personal use only

 
{RNG 00092207 v2}SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 7 
REV: 3 JULY 2017 
5. 
What is insider trading? 
5.1 
Prohibition of insider trading 
In broad terms, a person may be guilty of insider trading if: 
(a) 
that person possesses “inside information” - that is, information which is not generally 
available and which, if it were generally available would be likely to have a material 
effect on the price or value of a company’s Securities.  Information is regarded as 
being likely to have a material effect if it would, or would be likely to influence an 
investment decision by those who commonly invest in Securities, that is, it is ”price 
sensitive” information; and 
(b) 
that person: 
(i) 
Deals in Securities in the company; 
(ii) 
encourages or procures someone else to Deal in Securities in the company; 
or 
(iii) 
directly or indirectly communicates that information to another person where 
the communicator knows, or ought to know, that the recipient would be likely 
to Deal in the Securities or procure someone else to Deal in the Securities of 
the company (“Tipping”). 
There are detailed definitions as to the conditions which need to be satisfied for information to 
qualify as being generally available. While the detailed definitions are important in determining 
legal liability, the general underlying principles include that, for information to be generally 
available, it should: 
 
consist of readily observable matter; or 
 
have been announced to the ASX or otherwise brought to the attention of investors who 
commonly invest in the Securities; or 
 
otherwise consist of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from 
information referred to in the above two points. 
5.2 
Penalties 
Insider trading is a criminal offence. 
The criminal penalties for a breach of the insider trading prohibition include: 
(a) 
for an individual – a fine of up to $765,000 and a jail term of up to ten years; and 
(b) 
for a corporation – a fine of up to $7,650,000. 
These penalties are current as at the date of this policy, but may change over time.  The 
insider trader, and any other persons involved in the contravention, may also be liable to 
compensate third parties for any resulting loss.  In addition, the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission may seek civil penalties against the insider trader, and where 
relevant, may seek a court order to disqualify the insider trader from managing a corporation. 
5.3 
Examples of price sensitive information 
To illustrate the prohibition described above, the following are possible examples of 
information which, if it were made public, may be regarded as price sensitive: 
For personal use only

 
{RNG 00092207 v2}SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 8 
REV: 3 JULY 2017 
(a) 
Brambles considering a major acquisition or disposal of assets; 
(b) 
the threat of major litigation against Brambles; 
(c) 
changes in Brambles’ actual or anticipated financial condition or business 
performance; 
(d) 
a significant new business development; 
(e) 
the likely granting, or loss, of a major contract or government approval; 
(f) 
a proposed dividend or change in dividend policy;  
(g) 
a proposed new share issue;  
(h) 
a significant change to the Board of Directors or other senior management;  
(i) 
a regulatory investigation or audit; or 
(j) 
a material breach of law. 
5.4 
Dealing through third parties 
A person can still be guilty of insider trading in relation to Brambles Securities, even though 
they are not the actual person who Deals in the Securities. The prohibition extends to: 
(a) 
Dealings through nominees, agents or other associates, such as family members, 
family trusts and family companies; and 
(b) 
procuring third parties to Deal in Brambles Securities, which includes inducing or 
encouraging those third parties to Deal. 
5.5 
Information however obtained 
It does not matter how or where the person obtains the information - it does not have to be 
obtained from Brambles to constitute inside information. 
5.6 
Employee share schemes 
The insider trading prohibition does not apply to: 
(a) 
applications for; and  
(b) 
acquisitions under those applications of, 
Brambles Securities by employees of Brambles or any of its related bodies corporate made 
under employee share and option plans. 
This means that the insider trading prohibition will not apply to the acquisition by any 
employees of Brambles Securities under any of Brambles’ employee share and option plans 
(including the grant or exercise of Awards). However, the insider trading prohibition will apply 
to any subsequent disposal by those employees of shares in Brambles acquired under those 
Awards. 
Whether or not the insider trading prohibition applies, approval is required under this Policy for 
any exercise by Designated Persons of Awards over any Brambles Securities: see section 3. 
For personal use only

 
{RNG 00092207 v2}SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 9 
REV: 3 JULY 2017 
6. 
Dealings in Securities of Other Companies 
Designated Persons must not Deal in Securities of any other company or entity when they are 
in possession of price sensitive information about that entity which is not generally available.  
This prohibition applies both to information about the other company or entity coming to the 
possessions of the Designated Person as a result of their position at Brambles (for example 
where Brambles is negotiating a material contract or transaction with the other entity or 
company) or in some other way (for example though a personal network). 
7. 
Interpretation 
ASX means the Australian Securities Exchange. 
Awards means options, performance share awards and performance share rights granted 
under any Brambles employee share or option plan from time to time. 
Board means the Board of Directors of Brambles. 
Brambles means Brambles Limited. 
Closed Period means the period starting on the seventh day before the end of the relevant 
financial reporting period and ending on the first day after the preliminary announcement of 
the half-yearly or annual results (ie from 24 December until the day after the announcement of 
the half-year results at around mid February and from 23 June until the day after the 
announcement of the full year results at around mid August). 
Deal or Dealing means, in relation to Securities: 
(a) 
apply for, acquire or dispose of relevant Securities (whether as principal or agent);  
(b) 
procuring another person to apply for, acquire or dispose of the relevant Securities; or 
enter into an agreement to do so; or: 
(c) 
directly or indirectly communicate, or cause to be communicated, price sensitive 
information to any person if it is known, or ought reasonably to be known, that the 
person would or would be likely to use the information to engage in the activities 
specified in paragraphs (a) or (b). 
Derivatives means financial products which provide a financial return based on price 
movements of Securities, including exchange traded options or options granted by third 
parties, and includes financial products (including equity swaps, caps and collars and other 
hedging arrangements) which have the effect of limiting exposure to risks associated with 
such price movements.  
Designated Persons has the meaning given in paragraph 2.1. 
Directors means the members of the Board. 
Executive Director means any Director who discharges executive functions in the 
management or administration of Brambles. 
Group means Brambles and its related bodies corporate. 
Prohibited Period means: 
(a) 
any Closed Period; or 
For personal use only

 
{RNG 00092207 v2}SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 10 
REV: 3 JULY 2017 
(b) 
additional periods when Designated Persons are prohibited from trading and which 
are imposed by Brambles from time to time when price sensitive information may 
exist in relation to a matter which is not generally available. 
Securities means: 
(a) 
shares; 
(b) 
debentures or debt securities; 
(c) 
units of such shares; 
(d) 
depositary receipts;  
(e) 
Awards; and 
(f) 
Derivatives. 
Security Interest means a pledge, lien, charge, mortgage or other encumbrance. 
 
For personal use only
