1 
CAR Group - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
1. Introduction 
 
1.1 The ordinary shares of CAR Group Limited (“CAR Group” or the “Company”) are listed on the 
ASX. 
 
1.2 The purpose of this Policy is to ensure compliance with the ASX Listing Rules, and to ensure that 
Directors and employees (and their associates and related parties) are aware of the legal 
restrictions in dealing in the Company’s shares, options or other securities while such a person is 
in possession of unpublished price sensitive information concerning the Company. 
1.3 This Policy recognises that it is illegal for a person to deal in the Company’s securities when he or 
she is in possession of unpublished price sensitive information. This is regardless of whether the 
terms of this Policy have been complied with. 
1.4 It is the responsibility of each Director and employee to comply with this Policy. Any non-
compliance with this Policy will be considered serious misconduct. 
1.5 The trading restrictions set out in this Policy are additional to any liability under relevant laws or 
provisions governing or restricting the trading of securities set out in any agreement between the 
Company and a Director or employee or any provisions under an employee incentive scheme of 
the Company (including the Company’s employee option plan). Where the provisions of an 
agreement between the Company and a Director or employee conflict with the provisions of this 
Policy, the most restrictive provisions will prevail. 
1.6 Definitions to assist in the interpretation of this Policy are set out in section 10 of this Policy. 
 
2. Scope 
 
2.1 This Policy extends to dealing in the securities of the Company by Directors and employees of the 
Company, any associate or related party of any Directors or employee and any company, trust or 
other entity in which any Director or employee have a relevant interest. 
2.2 References to dealings in securities by a Director or employee in this Policy apply equally to 
dealings by any associate or related party of that Director or employee and any company, trust or 
other entity in which any Director or employee have a relevant interest. 
2.3 “Associate” and “related party” are, for the purpose of this Policy, defined in section 10 of this 
Policy. 

2 
CAR Group - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
3. What is Insider Trading? 
 
3.1 A person engages in insider trading if that person deals in securities of a relevant entity while 
possessing information that is: 
a) not generally available; and 
 
b) that information may have a material effect on the price or value of the relevant 
entity’s securities; and 
 
c) the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the information is not generally 
available and, if it were, it might have a material effect on the price or value of the 
entity’s securities. 
Information is considered to be likely to have a material effect on the price or value of securities of 
a company if the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest 
in securities in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, buy or sell those securities. This type of 
information is commonly referred to as “price sensitive information” or “inside information”. 
3.2 If you are not sure whether a reasonable person would expect a matter to have a material effect 
on the price of value of the corporation’s securities, you should seek independent legal advice on 
the matter. 
3.3 The prohibition against insider trading applies to: 
 
a) direct trading in the Company’s securities; 
 
b) procuring another person to trade in the Company’s securities; or 
 
c) communicating price sensitive information to another person who is likely to trade in 
the Company’s securities. 
 
3.4 Examples of inside information include the following – please note that this is not an exhaustive list 
and is for illustrative purposes only: 
- 
CAR Group’s financial results, reports or forecasts; 
- 
acquisition or sale of an asset or business; 
- 
proposed issue of securities; 
 
- 
change to CAR Group’s dividend policy; 
 
- 
market sensitive ASX announcements before their release; and 
 
- 
significant litigation. 
 

3 
CAR Group - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
3.5 Insider trading is a criminal offence, punishable by substantial fines and/or imprisonment. Insider 
trading may also attract civil liability, including liability to pay compensation to those who suffer 
loss or damage as a result of the insider trading. 
 
3.6 If you trade on inside information (or advise any other person to trade on inside information), you 
may be committing an offence and be subject to prosecution by authorities, entirely separate to 
this Policy or the Company. 
 
3.7 The Company may in certain circumstances also be liable if a Director or employee (or their 
associates or related parties) engages in insider trading. 
 
4. Blackout Periods 
 
4.1 While insider trading prohibitions apply at all times, CAR Group has also designated periods 
during which no Director or employee may trade in the Company’s securities. These periods are 
referred to as ‘Blackout Periods’. 
4.2 The designated Blackout Periods for CAR Group are: 
 
a) the period commencing 6 weeks prior to the release of the Company’s half year 
results to the ASX and ending 24 hours after such release; and 
 
b) the period commencing 6 weeks prior to the release of the Company’s year end 
results to the ASX and ending 24 hours after such release; and 
 
c) the period commending 2 weeks prior to the Company’s annual general meeting and 
ending 24 hours after the annual general meeting. 
 
4.3 You must not deal in CAR Group Securities during any of the Blackout Periods, regardless of 
whether or not you hold any insider information. 
5. Permitted Dealing Outside of Blackout Periods 
 
5.1 For periods during which dealing is permitted (ie not Blackout Periods), Directors and Employees 
must follow the pre-dealing procedure set out in this Policy prior to any dealing. 
5.2 Directors and employees should only seek such clearance once they have satisfied themselves 
that they are not aware of any price sensitive or insider information. 
5.3 Any approval to deal provided by the Company is based on the information you provide and does 
not grant any protection from your obligation to comply with relevant laws, including those relating 

4 
CAR Group - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
to insider trading. In the circumstances that you did not notify the Company that you were in 
possession of insider information before you seek approval to trade, any approval provided will be 
of no effect. 
5.4 Pre-dealing procedure - employees 
 
a) You must complete the appropriate form and submit it to the Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company (“CFO”). Those with access to the Company’s online portal, use the online form 
titled ’Application to Trade During Permitted Period’. Those without access to the Copany’s 
online portal, use the Notice of intention to buy or sell securities in the form set out in 
Schedule 1. 
i. 
The CFO may approve or not approve the proposed trade, and may discuss it with 
the Managing Director if deemed appropriate. 
ii. 
No dealing may be undertaken before the application receives the written approval of the 
CFO. 
b) If approved, the Board may be notified of the trade by the CFO. 
i. 
If approved, the dealing must be completed within 14 days from the date that the notice is 
approved by the CFO (unless the CFO specified a shorter period of time in which trading 
must be completed) and, in any event, no dealing may occur within the Blackout Periods. 
ii. 
In the event you become aware of any insider information following receipt of approval 
from the CFO but before trading, you must not trade regardless of the approval. 
5.5 Pre-dealing procedure - Directors 
 
a) Any Director wishing to deal in the Company’s securities must seek approval of the proposed 
trade from the Board of Directors, and provide the following information: whether the Director 
intends to buy or sell securities, and the number of securities intended to trade. 
b) No dealing may be undertaken before two (2) Directors independent of the Director seeking 
approval authorise the trade. 
c) If approved, the dealing must be completed within 14 days from the date that approval is 
provided and, in any event, no dealing may occur within the Blackout Periods. 
 

5 
CAR Group - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
5.6 Post-dealing procedure – Directors 
 
Immediately following any dealing by a Director in the securities of the Company, the Director 
must confirm to the CFO in writing that the dealing has been completed and all relevant details of 
the dealing. 
6. Other Prohibitions 
 
6.1 No hedging 
 
A Director or employee must not enter into hedging transactions which are designed to, or would 
have the effect of, limiting the economic risk of holding the Company’s securities. 
 
This prohibition extends to: 
 
a) unvested entitlements to the Company’s securities (including equity rights which remain 
subject to time and / or performance hurdles); and 
 
b) Company securities which have vested but which remain subject to a holding lock or any 
other restriction. 
6.2 No margin loans or security arrangements 
 
Directors and employees must not enter into any margin loan or other secured lending 
arrangement in respect of the Company’s securities (including unvested entitlements to the 
Company’s securities) without first obtaining written approval from the Managing Director for 
employees, or the Chair of the Board for Directors. 
If approval is provided, the Director or employee must comply with any conditions imposed. 
 
6.3 No short term trading or short selling 
 
Short term trading and short selling are not consistent with the Company’s view of creating long 
term value for shareholders. Directors and employees must not: 
 
a) buy and sell Company securities on a short term basis (ie within a three month period) without 
explicit prior written authority to do so; or 
b) engage in the short-selling of Company securities. 
 
The prohibition on short term trading does not apply to securities acquired through the 
vesting of a performance right or exercise of an option under the Company’s employee option 
plan. Such securities may be sold within three months provided all other provisions of this 
Policy are complied with. 

6 
CAR Group - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
7. Trades to Which this Policy Does Not Apply 
 
This Policy does not apply to the following trading, subject always to insider trading prohibitions: 
 
a) transfers of securities of the Company already held in a superannuation fund or other saving 
scheme in which the Director or employee is a beneficiary; 
b) an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in the securities of the Company) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are 
invested at the discretion of a third party; 
c) where a Director or employee is a trustee, trading in the securities of the Company by that 
trust provided the Director or employee is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to 
trade during a Blackout Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers 
independently of the Director or employee; 
d) undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
 
e) trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the Company’s security holders, 
such as, a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan 
and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the 
offer has been approved by the Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or not to 
take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the 
balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
f) 
a disposal of securities of the Company that is the result of a secured lender exercising their 
rights under a loan agreement; 
g) the exercise (but not the sale of securities following exercise) of an option or a right under an 
employee incentive scheme (including the Company’s employee option plan), or the 
conversion of a convertible security, where the final date for the exercise of the option or the 
right, or the conversion of the security, falls during a Blackout Period and the Director or 
employee could not reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a time when free to do 
so; and 
h) trading under a non-discretionary trading plan of the Company for which prior written 
clearance has been provided in accordance with procedures set out in the Policy and where: 

7 
CAR Group - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
i. 
the Director or employee did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a Blackout 
Period; and 
ii. 
the trading plan does not permit the Director or employee to exercise any influence or 
discretion over how, when or whether to trade. 
8. Dealing by Others 
 
If a Director or employee is prohibited from dealing in the Company’s securities, that Director or 
employee must (so far as is consistent with his or her duties of confidentiality to the Company) prohibit 
any dealing in the Company’s securities by any “associate” or “related party” of that Director or 
employee. “Associate” and “related party” are, for the purpose of this policy, defined in Section 10 of 
this policy. 
9. Securities in Other Companies 
 
While this Policy is focused on dealings in CAR Group’s securities, insider trading laws are not limited 
to companies in which a person is a Director or employee. If you have inside information about any 
company (whether or not that information arose by virtue of your employment with CAR Group), the 
law prohibits you from trading in securities of that company. 
10. Definitions 
 
In this Policy: 
 
“ASX” 
means 
ASX 
Limited. 
“associate” includes: 
a) a Director or secretary of the Company; 
 
b) a related body corporate; and 
 
c) a Director or secretary of a related body corporate. 
 
“dealing” includes: 
 
a) any application for acquisition or disposal of any securities; 
 
b) entering into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of any securities; and 
 
c) the grant, acceptance, acquisition, disposal, exercise or discharge of any option or other right 
or obligation to acquire or dispose of securities. 

8 
CAR Group - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
“Director” has the meaning given to that term in section 9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
 
“generally available” in relation to information, means any such information which: 
 
a) is readily observable; 
 
b) has been made known in a manner which is likely to bring it to the attention of persons who 
commonly invest in securities provided that a reasonable period for that information to be 
disseminated has elapsed since it was made known; or 
c) consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information falling under 
either paragraphs (a) or (b) above. 
“related party” includes: 
 
a) a Director of the Company; 
 
b) a spouse of de facto spouse of a Director of the Company; 
 
c) a parent, son or daughter of a Director, spouse or de facto spouse; and 
 
d) an entity which: 
 
i. 
a person of a kind referred to above has control; or 
 
ii. 
2 or more persons together have control. 
 
“securities” includes, without limitation: 
 
a) ordinary shares; 
 
b) partly paid shares; 
 
c) preference shares; 
 
d) hybrid securities; 
 
e) debentures; 
 
a) legal or equitable rights or interests in a)e)any of the above; and 
 
b) any derivatives including but not limited to options in respect of any of a)e)the above. 

9 
CAR Group - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
Document and Version Control 
 
Version 
Date 
Approval 
3.1 
June 2026 
CAR Group Board of Directors 

10 
CAR Group - Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE 1 - NOTICE OF INTENTION TO BUY OR SELL SECURITIES IN CAR GROUP LIMITED 
("THE COMPANY") 
 
Name of Applicant: 
Residential Address: 
Office or position in the Company: 
Type of transaction: 
Sale / Purchase (includes exercise of options) 
Number of securities that are the subject 
of the proposed transaction: 
Will the transaction take place on a stock 
exchange: 
YES / NO 
If the transaction is not to take place on a
stock exchange advise details of the 
transaction: 
Likely date of the transaction: 
 
I HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE that: 
 
1 
My decision to sell/purchase securities of the Company has not been made on the basis of 
information that is not generally available but, if the information was generally available, a reasonable 
person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of securities of the Company. 
2 
If I am purchasing securities, I do not intend to sell the securities within 3 months of the date of 
purchase. 
 
 
I request the Company to approve the purchase/sale of the above securities. 
 
 
 
Signed: 
 
Date:  
 
 
 
 
CONSENT 
 
 
 
Signed: 
 
Date:  
 
