 
 
 
CATAPULT GROUP INTERNATIONAL LTD ABN 53 164 301 197 
 
75 HIGH STREET, PRAHRAN, VIC, 3181 AUSTRALIA 
UNLEASH POTENTIAL 
 
 
1 
S EP T EM B ER 12 , 20 2 3  
Catapult Group International Ltd (ASX:CAT, ‘Catapult’ or the ‘Company’) provides its updated 
Security Trading Policy in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10. 
Authorized for release to ASX by the Catapult General Counsel and Company Secretary, 
Mr Jonathan Garland.  
 
For further information, please contact: 
Investors: investors@catapult.com 
Media: media@catapult.com  
UPDATED SECURITY TRADING POLICY
CATAPULT
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
1 
Catapult Group International Ltd ABN 53 164 301 197 
75 High Street, Prahran, Victoria 3181, Australia 
 
Security Trading Policy 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Catapult is an Australian incorporated public company, and its ordinary shares are traded on 
ASX. 
1.2 
The purpose of this policy is to ensure that: 
(a) 
Catapult complies with the ASX Listing Rules and the Australian Corporations Act 
2001 (Cth); and  
(b) 
Catapult Team Members and Adhering Contractors are aware of the insider trading 
restrictions that exist on Dealing in Catapult Securities while in possession of Catapult 
Inside Information.  
1.3 
Non-compliance with this policy may result in disciplinary action against Catapult Team 
Members (including up to dismissal), and legal action against Adhering Contractors. 
1.4 
The restrictions in this policy are additional to any provisions governing or restricting the 
Dealing of Catapult Securities set out in any agreement between Catapult and, respectively, a 
Catapult Team Member (including the terms of any Catapult employee incentive plans) and 
an Adhering Contractor. To the extent of any inconsistency between such agreements and 
this policy, the most restrictive provisions applying to the Catapult Team Member or Adhering 
Contractor will prevail. 
1.5 
Capitalised terms in this policy that are defined have the meaning given in section 13.  
2. 
Overview of Clearance Process 
 
 
You can Deal in 
Catapult Securities 
Do you have Catapult Inside 
Information? 
(see section 3.3) 
Are you a Catapult Team Member 
or an Adhering Contractor? 
(see section 4.1) 
Is Catapult in a Blackout Period? 
(see section 6.2) 
You cannot Deal in 
Catapult Securities 
Are you a Designated Person? 
(see section 7.2) 
Have you received approval 
to Deal due to Exceptional 
Circumstances? 
(see section 8) 
Have you received Pre-Approval to 
Deal? 
(see section 7) 
Yes
Yes
No
Yes
Yes
No
Yes 
No
No
Yes 
No 
No 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
2 
3. 
Insider trading 
3.1 
Insider trading is prohibited by this policy and is illegal.  
3.2 
A person engages in insider trading if that person has Catapult Inside Information and:  
(a) 
Deals in Catapult Securities; or 
(b) 
advises, encourages, or procures another person to Deal in Catapult Securities; or  
(c) 
communicates that Catapult Inside Information to another person who is likely to Deal 
in Catapult Securities.  
3.3 
Catapult Inside Information or Catapult Price Sensitive Information is information that:  
(a) 
is not Generally Available; and  
(b) 
if it were available, may have a Material Effect on the price or value of Catapult 
Securities; and  
(c) 
the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the information is not Generally 
Available and, if it were, it might have a Material Effect on the price or value of 
Catapult Securities.  
3.4 
Information is considered to have a Material Effect on the price or value of Catapult 
Securities if the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly 
invest in Catapult Securities in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, buy, or sell those 
Catapult Securities.  
3.5 
A person who commits insider trading may be subject to both civil liability (being sued for loss 
suffered due to insider trading) and criminal penalties (imprisonment and/or fines).  
3.6 
In certain circumstances, Catapult may also be liable if a Catapult Team Member or an 
Adhering Contractor engages in insider trading.  
3.7 
The requirements imposed by this policy are separate from, and in addition to, the legal 
prohibitions on insider trading in Australia. Accordingly, under insider trading laws, a person 
who possesses Catapult Inside Information may be prohibited from Trading even where the 
Trading would otherwise be permitted under this policy.  
4. 
Application of this policy 
4.1 
This policy applies to each: 
(a) 
Catapult Team Member – which is a director, officer, or employee of Catapult or its 
subsidiaries; and 
(b) 
Adhering Contractor – which is a contractor, consultant, or employee of a contractor 
(including those provided by a professional employer organisation) who has agreed to 
comply with Catapult’s policies generally or this policy specifically; and 
(c) 
Associate or Related Party of a Catapult Team Member or an Adhering Contractor. 
4.2 
Therefore, this policy applies, for example, to Dealings in Catapult Securities by a Catapult 
Team Member’s spouse.  
5. 
Excluded Dealings 
5.1 
This policy does not apply to the following Dealings in Catapult Securities:  
(a) 
transfers of Catapult Securities that result in no change to the beneficial interest in the 
Catapult Securities;  
(b) 
transfers of Catapult Securities between a Catapult Team Member or an Adhering 
Contractor and their Related Parties;  
(c) 
transfers of Catapult Securities by a Catapult Team Member or an Adhering 
Contractor to their superannuation fund;  
(d) 
where a Catapult Team Member or an Adhering Contractor is a trustee, Trading in the 
Catapult Securities by the relevant trust, provided that the Catapult Team Member or 
Adhering Contractor is not a beneficiary of that trust and any decision to Trade during 
a Blackout Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers 
independently of that Catapult Team Member or Adhering Contractor;  
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
3 
(e) 
undertakings to accept, the acceptance of, or disposal of, Catapult Securities arising 
from a takeover offer, scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back;  
(f) 
Trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the holders of Catapult 
Securities, such as a rights issue, security purchase plan, dividend or distribution 
reinvestment plan and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the 
timing and structure of the offer has been approved by the Board. This includes 
decisions relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of 
entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a 
renounceable pro rata issue;  
(g) 
a disposal of Catapult Securities that is the result of a secured lender or financier 
exercising their rights under a loan agreement;  
(h) 
an acquisition or disposal of Catapult Securities under a pre-determined investment or 
divestment plan for which prior written approval has been provided by the Designated 
Approver and where:  
(i) 
the Catapult Team Member or Adhering Contractor did not enter into or 
amend the plan during a Blackout Period; and  
(ii) 
the plan does not permit the Catapult Team Member or Adhering Contractor 
to exercise any discretion over how, when, or whether to acquire or dispose 
of Catapult Securities; and  
(i) 
an acquisition of Catapult Securities under an employee incentive scheme.  
6. 
Blackout Periods  
6.1 
Each Catapult Team Member or Adhering Contractor may Deal in Catapult Securities at any 
time provided that: 
(a) 
the Dealing occurs during periods outside of the Blackout Periods (except where 
Exceptional Circumstances exist and they have received approval for Dealing during 
a Blackout Period in accordance with section 8); and 
(b) 
if they are a Designated Person, they have received Pre-Clearance for that Dealing in 
accordance with section 7; and  
(c) 
they are not in possession of any Catapult Inside Information 
6.2 
The Blackout Periods are as follows:  
(a) 
the period commencing at 10.00am on April 1 each year and ending at 5.00pm on the 
trading day after the release of Catapult’s full-year results to the ASX;  
(b) 
the period commencing at 10.00am on October 1 of each year and ending at 5.00pm 
on the trading day after the release of Catapult’s half-year results to ASX;  
(c) 
the period commencing at 10.00am on the date that is 2 weeks prior to Catapult’s 
Annual General Meeting and ending at 5.00pm on the date of that Annual General 
Meeting; and  
(d) 
any other period, as determined by the Board from time to time (which determination 
may apply in respect of one or more Catapult Team Members or Adhering 
Contractors, or groups of any of them). 
6.3 
All references to time are to Melbourne time. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
4 
7. 
Pre-Clearance for Designated Persons 
7.1 
Each Designated Person may only Deal in Catapult Securities if: 
(a) 
their Dealing occurs during periods outside of the Blackout Periods; and 
(b) 
prior to their Dealing, they receive Pre-Clearance, which is approval in advance from 
all of their Designated Approvers in accordance with this section 7. 
7.2 
The Designated Persons and their relevant Designated Approvers are as follows: 
Designated Persons 
Designated Approvers 
Chairman 
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee and the 
Company Secretary 
Director (excluding the Chairman) or the CEO 
Chairman and the Company Secretary 
CEO Direct Report 
CEO and the Company Secretary 
Company Secretary 
CFO 
Each other Catapult Team Member or Adhering 
Contractor who: 
• 
is a member of the Finance Department;  
• 
has a role at or above Job Level 7 or Vice 
President; 
• 
has access to monthly financial reports, OP1 
related results or future Company planning 
documents; 
• 
is an executive assistant to a Designated 
Person; or 
• 
is otherwise designated as such by the 
Chairman, CEO, CFO or Company 
Secretary. 
Company Secretary (or their Delegate) 
7.3 
A Designated Person must apply to the Company Secretary (on behalf of the Designated 
Approvers) to Deal in Catapult Securities using the form set out in the Schedule or using such 
other written or web-based form or other electronic method as approved by the CEO from 
time to time. 
7.4 
On receipt of an application under section 7.3, the Company Secretary shall procure that the 
Designated Approvers consider the application. No Dealing in Catapult Securities may be 
undertaken before the Designated Person receives the written approval of the Designated 
Approvers (which, in their absolute discretion, may be refused or given subject to any 
conditions the Designated Approvers determine necessary to comply with this policy).  
7.5 
Any Dealing in Catapult Securities by a Designated Person approved by the Designated 
Approvers in accordance with this section 7 must be completed within 14 days (or such earlier 
time as determined by the Designated Approvers) from the date that the Designated Person 
receives written approval from the Designated Approvers, and the Designated Person must, if 
directed to do so, advise the Company Secretary (on behalf of the Designated Approvers) 
promptly following completion of any such Trade.  
7.6 
Any approval to Deal in Catapult Securities by a Designated Person in accordance with this 
section 7 is automatically deemed to be withdrawn if that Designated Person becomes aware 
of any Catapult Inside Information prior to or during that approved Dealing. 
7.7 
The Company Secretary may, from time to time, establish, amend and remove rules to 
provide prospective approval to Dealings in Catapult Securities during permitted periods by 
one or more Designated Persons, or groups of any of them (the Prospective Rules). 
Prospective Rules that apply to Dealings on Catapult’s ESP Platform must be approved by 
the CEO. All other Prospective Rules must be approved by the Chairman. The Prospective 
Rules may be applied automatically (including via clearance modules on Catapult’s ESP 
Platform) and will be effective as if the relevant procedure in this section 7 had been satisfied.  
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
5 
8. 
Dealing during Blackout Periods in Exceptional Circumstances  
8.1 
Each Catapult Team Member and Adhering Contractor (which, for clarity, includes Designated 
Persons) (each an Applicant) may apply to the Company Secretary (on behalf of the 
Designated Approvers) to Deal in Catapult Securities during a Blackout Period due to 
exceptional circumstances. Such applications must be made using the form set out in the 
Schedule or using such other written or web-based form or other electronic method as 
approved by the CEO from time to time. 
8.2 
On receipt of an application under section 8.1, the Company Secretary shall procure that the 
Designated Approvers consider the application. No Dealing in Catapult Securities may be 
undertaken before the Applicant receives the written approval of the Designated Approvers 
(which, in their absolute discretion, may be refused or given subject to any conditions the 
Designated Approvers determine necessary to comply with this policy).  
8.3 
Without limiting the discretion of the Designated Approvers under this section 8, the following 
factors may be considered by the Designated Approvers in determining whether the Applicant 
is to be granted permission to Deal in Catapult Securities during a Blackout Period:  
(a) 
whether the Applicant is suffering severe financial hardship;  
(b) 
whether the Applicant is required by a court order or a court-enforceable undertaking 
or other legal or regulatory requirement to transfer, or accept a transfer of, Catapult 
Securities; and  
(c) 
whether the Applicant’s circumstances are otherwise exceptional to warrant the grant 
of approval to Deal in Catapult Securities during the Blackout Period.  
8.4 
Any Dealing in Catapult Securities by an Applicant approved by the Designated Approver in 
accordance with this section 8 must be completed within 7 days (or such earlier time as 
determined by the Designated Approvers) from the date that the Applicant receives written 
approval from the Designated Approvers, and the Applicant must advise the Company 
Secretary (on behalf of the Designated Approvers) promptly following completion of any such 
Trade.  
8.5 
Any approval to Deal in Catapult Securities by an Applicant in accordance with this section 8 
is automatically deemed to be withdrawn if the Applicant becomes aware of any Catapult 
Inside Information prior to or during any approved Dealing.  
9. 
Margin Loans and Security Arrangements  
9.1 
Catapult Team Members and Adhering Contractors may only enter into a margin loan or other 
security arrangement in respect of Catapult Securities with the prior written approval of the 
Designated Approvers (which, in their absolute discretion, may be refused or given subject to 
any conditions the Designated Approvers determine necessary to comply with this policy). 
9.2 
Any approval by the Designated Approvers may be subject to the condition that Catapult be 
permitted to disclose to the ASX the existence of the margin loan or security arrangement, 
and, where Catapult considers appropriate, any relevant terms such as the trigger points or 
right of the financier to sell unilaterally.  
10. 
Unvested Securities  
Catapult prohibits Catapult Team Members and Adhering Contractors from entering into 
transactions in associated products that operate to limit the economic risk of Catapult 
Securities over unvested entitlements.  
11. 
Further assistance  
Any Catapult Team Member or Adhering Contractor who is unsure of the nature of the 
information that they have in their possession and whether they may Deal in Catapult 
Securities should contact the Company Secretary before Dealing in any Catapult Securities.  
12. 
Review 
This policy will be reviewed periodically to assess its effectiveness. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
6 
13. 
Definitions 
Adhering Contractor has the meaning given in section 4.1(b). 
Associate includes a related body corporate, and a director or company secretary of a 
related body corporate.  
ASX means ASX Limited. 
ASX Listing Rules means the official listing rules and requirements from time to time of the 
ASX. 
Blackout Periods has the meaning given in section 6.2.  
Board means the board of Directors of Catapult as constituted from time to time.  
Catapult means Catapult Group International Ltd. 
Catapult Inside Information has the meaning given in section 3.3. 
Catapult Securities means:  
(a) 
ordinary shares, partly paid shares, preference shares, hybrid securities, and 
debentures of Catapult; 
(b) 
legal or equitable rights or interests in any of the securities in paragraph (a); and  
(c) 
any derivatives, including but not limited to, options in respect of any of the securities 
in paragraph (a) above. 
Catapult Team Member has the meaning given in section 4.1(a). 
CEO means the Chief Executive Officer of Catapult from time to time. 
CEO Direct Report means a person who reports directly to the CEO from time to time. 
CFO means the Chief Financial Officer of Catapult from time to time. 
Chairman means the Chairman of the Board from time to time. 
Company Secretary means the company secretary of Catapult from time to time.  
Dealing or Trading (singular use Deal or Trade) includes: 
(a) 
any acquisition or disposal of any Catapult Securities; 
(b) 
entering into any agreement to acquire or dispose of any Catapult Securities; and 
(c) 
the grant, acceptance, acquisition, disposal, exercise or discharge of any option or 
other right or obligation to acquire or dispose of any Catapult Securities. 
Designated Approver has the meaning given in section 7.2. 
Designated Person has the meaning given in section 7.2. 
Director means a director of Catapult from time to time. 
Generally Available, in relation to information, means any such information which: 
(a) 
is readily observable; 
(b) 
has been made known in a manner that is likely to bring it to the attention of persons 
who commonly invest in Catapult Securities provided that a reasonable period for that 
information to be disseminated has elapsed since it was made known; or 
(c) 
consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information 
falling under either paragraphs (a) or (b) above. 
Material Effect has the meaning given in section 3.4. 
Pre-Clearance has the meaning given in section 7.1(b). 
Related Party in relation to a person includes: 
(a) 
a parent, spouse, de facto spouse, son, or daughter of that person; 
(b) 
any company, trust or other entity over which a person referred to in (a) above has 
control; or 
(c) 
any company, trust or other entity over which two or more persons referred to in (a) 
above together have control. 
Approved by the Board: September 2023  
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
7 
Schedule – Application to Trade 
To: The Company Secretary, Catapult Group International Ltd 
In accordance with the Catapult Security Trading Policy, I request the Designated Approvers’ 
approval for the following proposed transaction to be undertaken by me, my Related Parties or 
Associates: 
Name: 
 
Name of registered holder transacting 
(if different): 
 
Residential address: 
 
Office or position in Catapult: 
 
Type of transaction (circle): 
Sale / Purchase / Other (specify) 
 
Description and number of Securities 
subject of the proposed transaction: 
 
To be transacted (circle): 
On ASX / Off-market Trade / Other (specify) 
 
Likely date of the transaction (on or 
about): 
 
Details of Exceptional Circumstances: 
Only complete this box if seeking approval to Deal during a Blackout Period 
 
 
 
 
Applicant / Designated Person 
Designated Approver 
I declare and confirm that: 
• 
I have read the Catapult Security Trading Policy 
and I am not in possession of information that: 
─ 
is not Generally Available; and 
─ 
would be expected by a reasonable person to 
have a Material Effect on the price or value of 
Catapult Securities, if it was Generally 
Available. 
• 
Catapult is not advising or encouraging me to 
Trade in any Catapult Securities and does not 
provide any securities recommendations; and 
• 
I know of no reason to prohibit me from Trading in 
Catapult Securities, and that the details given in 
this application are complete, true and correct. 
I declare and confirm that: 
• 
I have reviewed the contents of this application 
and hereby [approve]/[do not approve] the 
proposed transaction described in the application. 
• 
Any approval is conditional on the proposed 
transaction being completed within 14 days (or 
7 days in the case of Exceptional Circumstances) 
of the date of this approval and in compliance with 
the Catapult Security Trading Policy. 
Signature of Designated Person 
Signature of Designated Approver(s) 
Name of Designated Person  
Name of Designated Approver(s) 
Date 
Date 
 
For personal use only
