1 
Commonwealth Bank of Australia  |  Media Release 138/2024  |  ACN 123 123 124 
Commonwealth Bank Place South, Level 1, 11 Harbour Street, Sydney NSW 2000 
Group Personal Trading Policy 
Tuesday, 1 October 2024 SYDNEY: In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, Commonwealth Bank of 
Australia (CBA) attaches a copy of its revised Group Personal Trading Policy, which replaces its previous 
Group Securities Trading Policy. The Group Personal Trading Policy takes effect from today. A copy is 
also available on the corporate governance section of CBA’s website at: 
http://www.commbank.com.au/corporategovernance 
The release of this announcement was authorised by the Board. 
Danny John 
Melanie Kirk 
Media Relations 
Investor Relations 
02 9595 3219 
02 9118 7113 
Media@cba.com.au 
CBAInvestorRelations@cba.com.au 
For personal use only

Group Personal Trading Policy 
1 | Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
Effective: 1 October 2024 
  
Group Personal Trading Policy 
Purpose and scope  
Purpose 
The purpose of this policy is to protect the Group and its people from 
breaching insider trading laws and from reputational damage arising from 
inappropriate trading. 
Scope 
This Policy applies to all full-time, part-time and casual employees, 
contractors, secondees, and directors of CBA and its subsidiaries.   Some of 
the requirements contained in this Policy apply only to the CBA Board 
directors, certain individuals who have been classified as Specified Persons, 
and their Associates.   
This Policy focuses on the requirements for Trading in Group Securities. 
There are additional requirements contained in the Group Personal Trading 
Procedure (Procedure), including requirements for obtaining Pre-Clearance 
to Trade in in all Securities, not just in Group Securities. These requirements 
may apply even if you are not a Specified Person or an Associate of a 
Specified Person. It is important that you read the Procedure before any 
Trading to ensure that you understand and meet all its requirements.   
You must also comply with any additional requirements that apply to your 
BU/SU for Securities Trading.  ASB has its own securities trading policy.   
For those parts of the Group that are impacted by laws, regulatory 
requirements or contractual obligations that conflict with this Policy, the more 
stringent standard applies. 
Policy statement 
1.
(No Insider Trading) Insider Trading is prohibited in all circumstances, whether in
relation to Group Securities or other Securities, regardless of any Pre-Clearance,
exception or other provision of this Policy.
2.
(Pre-Clearance) if you are required to obtain Pre-Clearance prior to Trading, you must
only Trade if you have received that Pre-Clearance and you must comply with any
conditions attached to that Pre-Clearance.
3.
(Specified Persons) If you are a Specified Person, or an Associate of a Specified Person,
you must only trade Group Securities during a Trading Window, unless an exception
applies.
4.
(Other obligations) Before Trading in any Securities you must read and comply with the
requirements of this Policy and the Procedure.
Policy requirements
Prohibition of 
Insider Trading 
1.
If you are aware of Inside Information regarding any Securities (not
only Group Securities), you must not:
(a) Trade in those Securities or cause or procure any other
person to Trade in those Securities;
(b) give Inside Information to any other person (including by
giving hints or tips) or cause Inside Information to be
provided to any other person. This includes if you know or
For personal use only

Group Personal Trading Policy 
 
2 | Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
Effective: 1 October 2024 
should know that the person would, or would be likely to use 
the information to Trade in those Securities (or procure 
another person to Trade in those Securities); or 
(c) use the Inside Information to gain an advantage for yourself 
or someone else, or to cause detriment to the Group.   
2. You are responsible for your own Trading decisions. The prohibition 
on Insider Trading applies at all times and overrides any Pre-
Clearance, exception or other provision of this Policy.  Pre-Clearance 
or an exception being granted is not an endorsement of any Trade.  
Pre-Clearance 
and monitoring 
requirements  
3. There are some positions in the Group that may cause individuals to 
be at greater risk of inappropriate Trading in relation to other entities 
outside the Group, accordingly certain individuals require Pre-
Clearance for any Trading, not just Trading in Group Securities.   
4. Pre-Clearance requirements apply to the CBA Group Board, Group 
CEO and Group Executives and certain other individuals as outlined 
in the Procedure and on the Conflicts Hub.  Before Trading in any 
Securities you must confirm whether you require Pre-Clearance by 
checking the Conflicts Hub and/or the Procedure.   
5. If Pre-Clearance requirements apply to you, you should refer to the 
Procedure for further information including how to seek Pre-
Clearance and for which types of Trading it is required. 
6. Decisions regarding Pre-Clearance are final and binding, and may 
be granted or refused without reasons. The refusal of a Pre-
Clearance request must be kept confidential.  Pre-Clearance will last 
for three business days unless withdrawn earlier. 
7. Certain individuals will also be notified through the Conflicts Hub that 
they are required to declare brokerage accounts and complete 
periodic attestations.  Further details are set out in the Procedure. 
Hedging 
8. Specified Persons must not enter into a transaction that limits the 
economic risk of their exposure to Group Securities received under 
any Group equity plan that are: 
a. unvested; or 
b. vested but subject to a holding lock or trading restriction 
under the terms of the plan. 
9. In addition, the CBA Board directors, Group Company Secretaries, 
Group Executives, and each of their Associates, must not enter into 
a transaction that limits the economic risk of their exposure to any 
vested Group Securities. 
Trading 
Windows 
10. Specified Persons and their Associates may only Trade in Group 
Securities during a Trading Window unless one of the exceptions 
below applies.  All other periods are “closed periods”. 
11. Trades can be placed until market close on the last day of a Trading 
Window. Trading involving conditional or limit orders (e.g. a 
specified, minimum sell or maximum purchase price or a stop-loss 
instruction) must be placed and executed during a Trading Window. 
12. Specified Persons will be notified of the opening and closing of 
Trading Windows by e-mail and on the Conflicts Hub.   
13. The CBA Board may vary, suspend or close Trading Windows at any 
time. 
For personal use only

Group Personal Trading Policy 
 
3 | Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
Effective: 1 October 2024 
Exceptions to 
Trading 
Windows 
14. The following Trades in Group Securities are permitted outside of a 
Trading Window, always subject to the prohibition on Insider Trading: 
a. a disposal of Group Securities arising from the acceptance 
of a takeover offer, scheme of arrangement, equal access 
buy-back or capital reduction; 
b. an acquisition of Group Securities under a pro-rata or bonus 
issue, or a disposal of rights acquired under a pro-rata offer 
(e.g. renounceable rights issue); 
c. an acquisition, forfeiture, lapse or cancellation of any Group 
Securities under a Group employee incentive plan, including 
the acquisition of Group Securities in satisfaction of rights to 
acquire shares, but excluding any Trading in those Group 
Securities after their acquisition; 
d. an acquisition of Group Securities pursuant to any dividend 
reinvestment plan or security purchase plan made available 
to all or most holders (provided that the Specified Person or 
their Associate did not commence or amend their 
participation in the plan while in possession of Inside 
Information); 
e. Trading in relation to an investment or account managed by 
a third party where the Specified Person or Associate has no 
ability to exercise any influence or discretion in relation to 
such Trading (e.g. an investment in a managed investment 
scheme or other non-discretionary investment or an 
acquisition as a beneficiary of a deceased estate for no 
consideration); and 
f. 
Off-market transfers of Group Securities, other than those by 
the CBA Board directors and their Associates, where there 
is no change in beneficial ownership (e.g. transferring 
between two of your own accounts, such as from your 
employee holding to a personal holding in your name).    
15. In certain exceptional circumstances, Specified Persons and their 
Associates may apply for approval to Trade in Group Securities 
outside a Trading Window. Exceptional circumstances may include: 
g. severe financial hardship where the sale of Group Securities 
is the only practical method of overcoming hardship; 
h. a requirement to Trade in Group Securities pursuant to a 
court order or a court enforceable undertaking; or 
i. 
an overriding legal or regulatory requirement to transfer, or 
accept a transfer of, Group Securities. 
The procedures to follow when applying for a Trading Window 
exception are set out in Attachment A. 
Additional 
requirements 
for Specified 
Persons 
16. Specified Persons and their Associates must not: 
a. use Group Securities as security for margin lending or other 
secured financing arrangements, as a forced sale may lead 
to the breach of this Policy; 
b. hold Group Securities for less than a thirty-day period, 
calculated on a last in, first out basis (for example, if after 
obtaining Pre-Clearance you buy 20 CBA shares and the 
trade executes on 1 January, you must not sell any CBA 
shares until 1 February. However, you can buy more CBA 
shares, so long as you have pre-clearance. If you bought an 
additional 30 CBA shares and the trade executes on 15 
For personal use only

Group Personal Trading Policy 
 
4 | Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
Effective: 1 October 2024 
January, you must now not sell any CBA shares until 15 
February); or 
c. enter into contracts for difference or use any instruments or 
enter any arrangements for short selling or stock lending of 
Group Securities, except to the extent covered by any of the 
“Exceptions to Trading Windows” in this Policy.  
17. Specified Persons must make their Associates aware of the 
requirements of this Policy and take reasonable steps to ensure their 
Associates comply with those requirements. 
Market Abuse 
Regulations  
18. The CBA Board directors, Group Company Secretaries, Group 
Executives, and each of their Associates, must not:  
a. Trade any Group Security that is listed or traded on a UK or 
EU regulated market; or  
b. Trade any other Security that has a price or value which 
depends on, or has an effect on, the price or value of a Group 
Security that is listed or traded on a UK or EU regulated 
market.  
This is required under the UK and EU Market Abuse Regulations No 
596/2014. 
Definitions 
In this Policy, defined terms are capitalised. Those terms have the meaning given to them below 
or, if not defined below, in the Group Policy Framework Glossary. 
Associate (of a 
Specified Person) 
• 
Spouse, partner or dependent child (including dependent adult children 
and dependent step-children); 
• 
relative residing with the Specified Person; 
• 
other family member for which the Specified Person controls or 
influences Trading in Securities; and 
• 
companies, trusts, partnerships and other entities that the Specified 
Person, or any of the above-mentioned persons, controls or significantly 
influences. 
CBA Board 
 
Board of directors of the Commonwealth Bank of Australia. 
Group 
Commonwealth Bank of Australia and its subsidiaries and controlled entities 
(being entities that are subject to the control of CBA in terms of section 50AA 
of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)). 
Group Security 
A Security issued by a Group member, including both vested Securities (i.e. 
securities where conditions have been met and full ownership transferred) 
and unvested Securities (i.e. securities which are not yet fully owned as 
certain conditions, for instance a specific time period having elapsed, have 
not yet been met). Group Securities include, but are not limited to 
Commonwealth Bank of Australia fully paid ordinary shares, PERLS capital 
notes, and ASB perpetual preference shares.  
Note: If Group Securities make up 20% or more of an exchange traded fund 
(ETF) at the time of placing a Trade, the ETF is considered to be a Group 
Security for the purposes of this Policy.  
Inside Information 
Information that: 
• 
is not generally available; and  
For personal use only

Group Personal Trading Policy 
 
5 | Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
Effective: 1 October 2024 
• 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect that 
information to have a material effect on the price or value of Securities.  
This includes where the information would, or would be likely to, influence 
persons who commonly acquire Securities in deciding whether or not to buy 
or sell those Securities. 
Inside Information need not relate to the Group, and may relate to any other 
listed entity. It may also be referred to as ‘price sensitive information’, ‘market 
sensitive information’, ‘confidential market sensitive information’ or ‘material 
non-public information’.  
Insider Trading 
Insider Trading is the trading in Securities while in possession of Inside 
Information about the relevant Securities. Insider Trading extends to 
procuring others to Trade in the Securities and/or communicating that 
information to others who may Trade in the Securities.  
Pre-Clearance 
In the context of this Policy, Pre-Clearance is the request in the Conflicts Hub 
or the written request for the Pre-Clearance of a proposed Trade in 
Securities, including Group Securities. Pre-Clearance requirements are set 
out in the Procedure.  
Security 
Security includes: 
• 
ordinary shares, preference shares or any other share in a body and 
units of any such share; 
• 
depositary receipts; 
• 
debentures;  
• 
renounceable or non-renounceable rights to subscribe for a share or 
debenture (this refers to the renounceable right itself, not the acquisition 
via rights entitlements); 
• 
options or performance rights; 
• 
convertible notes, bonds and other debt instruments; 
• 
interests in managed investment schemes, trusts and any other financial 
products that are able to be traded on a financial market; or  
• 
any derivatives products relating to the types of securities listed above, 
including but not limited to equity swaps, warrants, futures, contracts for 
difference, hedges and exchange traded or over the counter options, 
whether settled by cash or otherwise. 
Specified Person 
Anyone who, due to the nature of their position, is likely to come into 
contact with, or have access to, key financial, operational or strategic 
information about the Group that will, or is likely to have, a material effect 
on the price or value of Group Securities.  
At a minimum, Specified Persons include, but are not limited to, the following 
persons or roles: 
• 
CBA Board directors; 
• 
Group Executives; 
• 
Subsidiary Board directors; 
• 
Group Company Secretaries and company secretaries of each 
Subsidiary Board; 
• 
Executive General Managers; 
• 
direct support staff (e.g. Executive Assistants/Advisers) for each of the 
above persons or roles; and 
• 
employees in Group Control Room.  
For personal use only

Group Personal Trading Policy 
 
6 | Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
Effective: 1 October 2024 
This list is not exhaustive and other individuals may be considered to be 
Specified Persons if they satisfy the definition set out above. You should 
refer to the Conflicts Hub to check whether you have been designated a 
Specified Person. This may change from time to time, so you are 
encouraged to check before any proposed Trade in Group Securities.  
Subsidiary Board 
Board of directors of a Group subsidiary.    
Trade or Trading  
For the purpose of this Policy, Trade or Trading includes buying, selling, 
acquiring, transferring or disposing of Securities, agreeing to do so, or 
procuring someone else to do so, whether on or off market. 
Trading Window 
A period designated by the CBA Board (or its delegate) as a ‘trading window’.  
Trading Windows will generally be open for: 
• 
30 days commencing the day after the Group’s half year results and full 
year results are released to the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX); 
• 
14 days commencing the day after the Group’s trading updates are 
released to the ASX in May and November; and 
• 
any one-off periods as determined by the CBA Board, such as for new 
Securities issuances.  
 
 
Accountabilities 
If you are 
You are accountable for 
CBA Board 
(Governance body) 
• 
Approving this Policy. 
• 
Opening, varying, suspending or terminating 
trading windows. 
CBA Board director, 
Subsidiary Board 
non-Executive 
director, employee, 
contractor or 
secondee of the 
Group 
• 
Trading in Securities only where permitted to do 
so under the Policy. 
• 
Seeking 
Pre-Clearance 
for 
Trading 
and 
exceptions in line with the Policy and Procedure 
requirements. 
Line 1 Risk (Line 1) 
• 
Advising on the application of the Policy.  
• 
Regularly reviewing lists of Specified Persons 
within their BU/SU and maintaining the list in 
the Conflicts Hub.  
Group Compliance 
(Line 2) 
• 
Supporting BU/SU compliance in the application 
of this Policy. 
• 
Monitoring CBA Board directors, Subsidiary 
Board non-executive directors, the CEO and 
Group Executives and their Associates Trading 
Securities and escalating any breaches or 
concerns. 
• 
Managing exceptions to the Policy. 
• 
Monitoring Trading in Securities by Specified 
Persons and their Associates and escalating 
any breaches or concerns. 
BU/SU Compliance 
(Line 2) 
• 
Monitoring and assurance activities. 
• 
Advising and providing guidance to Line 1 in 
relation to  identifying, measuring and mitigating 
For personal use only

Group Personal Trading Policy 
 
7 | Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
Effective: 1 October 2024 
their risks, and identifying and understanding 
their obligations. 
• 
Providing guidance where BU/SUs cannot align 
to the Policy. 
Group Audit & 
Assurance (Line 3) 
• 
Providing independent assurance that the 
Group’s risk management, governance and 
internal 
control 
processes 
are 
operating 
effectively, as per the approved audit plan. 
 
 
Detailed accountabilities for this Policy are set out in the Procedure which 
should be read in conjunction with this Policy. 
Compliance statement 
 
This Policy is a requirement under the ASX Listing Rules.  
This Policy sets out the restrictions on personal Trading to manage the risk 
of Insider Trading. 
Breach of policy 
 
Consequences 
Breach of this Policy may be regarded as misconduct, which may lead to 
disciplinary action (including termination of employment or engagement). 
This Policy must be read together with the Procedure. Failure to follow the 
Procedure may amount to a breach of this Policy.   
Escalation 
Potential or realised breaches of obligations outlined in this Policy must be 
escalated according to the Group Issue Management Procedures or Group 
Incident Management Procedure. 
Policy governance 
Policy Approver 
CBA Board 
Exemption Authority Group Chief Risk Officer 
Policy Owner 
Chief Compliance Officer 
Policy Support  
Group Compliance and Business Unit/Support Unit Compliance  
Review Cycle 
Biennial 
Next Review Date 
August 2026 
Relevant documents 
Related internal 
documents 
Group Conflicts Management Policy 
Group Personal Trading Procedure 
Group Policy Framework Glossary 
Group Issue Management Procedure 
Group Incident Management Procedure 
External sources 
of obligations 
ASX Listing Rules 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
UK and EU Market Abuse Regulations No 596/2014 
Material revisions 
For personal use only

Group Personal Trading Policy 
 
8 | Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
Effective: 1 October 2024 
Version Approval 
Date 
Effective Date Details 
1.0 
 
08/06/2010 
 
29/09/2010 
 
New Policy. 
 
2.0 
08/05/2018 
01/08/2018 
Material revisions to format, definitions of Associate, Specified 
Persons, Excluded Dealings, broker requirements and Dealing 
prohibitions. 
3.0 
07/05/2019 
01/08/2019 
Non-material clarification to content and inclusion of BROP 
minimum standards. 
4.0 
 
5.0 
 
6.0 
 
05/09/2019 
 
10/12/2019 
 
07/04/2020 
09/10/2019 
 
31/01/2020 
 
09/04/2020 
Inclusion of additional trading window: 14 days commencing the day 
after the CBA Annual General Meeting. 
Definition of ‘Deal or Dealing’ and ‘Specified Persons’ amended. 
Inclusion of ‘Front Page Test’. Change to Policy Owner.  
Non-material clarification to content. 
7.0 
 
8.0 
10/06/2020 
 
11/06/2021 
01/07/2020 
 
01/07/2021 
Amendment to Excluded Dealings.  
 
Inclusion of the PTBC exception for Permitted Dealings for Specified 
Persons.  
 
9.0 
23/05/2022 
25/07/2022 
Annual review. Ownership of Policy transferred from Group 
Secretariat to Group Compliance, review cycle changed from annual 
to biennial, immaterial changes to align to GPF Policy template.  
10.0 
12/08/2024 
1/10/2024 
Biennial review. Amendments made to simplify policy operation and 
incorporate procedural improvements introduced through Conflicts 
Hub and simpler Group Personal Trading Procedure. Exemption 
authority changed to Group Chief Risk Officer to reflect removal of 
ELT Policy Sub-Committee.  
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Group Personal Trading Policy 
 
9 | Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
Effective: 1 October 2024 
Attachment A – Trading Window exceptions 
Specified Persons may seek an exception permitting Trading outside of a Trading Window by 
following the process in this Attachment.  Any other requests for exemptions from this Policy should 
be made in accordance with the Group Policy Framework.      
Information required 
Trading Window exception requests must be made in writing to the relevant approver and include:  
• 
details of the proposed Trade (including the number and type of Group Securities, type of 
Trade, name of Specified Person or Associate); 
• 
a description of the exceptional circumstances and sufficient evidence showing that the 
proposed Trade is the most reasonable course of action in the circumstances and there are 
no other viable legal alternatives; and 
• 
confirmation that the Specified Person or Associate (as the case may be) is not in the 
possession of Inside Information. 
Decisions 
Decisions regarding exceptions are final and binding on the person who made the request and may 
be granted or refused without reasons. The person making the request will be notified of the decision 
and any conditions by e-mail. A refusal must be kept confidential, other than as required by law or a 
court.   
Trading with an exception 
A Trading Window exception will remain in force for seven calendar days unless revoked earlier. If 
Pre-Clearance is required, it must be obtained within this period. If the Trade is not placed within 7 
calendar days, a new request must be made.  
The Group Control Room should be notified of the Trading Window Exception. Confirmation of 
whether the Trade has been placed should be provided to the approver and Group Control Room 
by no later than the next business day.   
Approvers  
Person requesting exception 
Approver 
Copy to  
CBA Board directors (other 
than the Chair) and the CEO, 
and their Associates* 
CBA Board Chair 
Group Company Secretaries 
and Group Control Room 
CBA Board chair and their 
Associates* 
CBA Board Audit Committee 
Chair 
Group Company Secretaries 
and Group Control Room 
Subsidiary Board non-
executive directors (other than 
a chair) and their Associates 
Relevant Subsidiary Board 
Chair 
Group Control Room  
Non-executive chair of 
Subsidiary Boards and their 
Associates 
Relevant Subsidiary Board 
Deputy Chair; or Audit 
Committee Chair if no Board 
Deputy Chair; or lead 
independent director   
Group Control Room  
Group Executives and their 
Associates* 
CEO 
Group Control Room 
Company Secretaries to the 
CBA Board 
CBA Board Chair 
Group General Counsel and 
Group Executive Legal & 
Group Secretariat and Group 
Control Room 
For personal use only

Group Personal Trading Policy 
 
10 | Commonwealth Bank of Australia 
Effective: 1 October 2024 
Other Specified Persons and 
their Associates 
 
Group General Counsel and 
Group Executive Legal & 
Group Secretariat.   
Group Company Secretaries 
and Group Control Room 
* The approver for these individuals is also responsible for approving Pre-Clearance requests. 
 
 
 
For personal use only
