 
Credit Corp Group Limited 
ABN 33 092 697 151 
 
Level 15, 201 Kent Street 
GPO Box 4475 
Sydney NSW 2001 
Phone +61  2  8651 5000 
Fax 1300 483 926 
www.creditcorp.com.au 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 February 2024 
 
 
Revised Securities Trading Policy 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, Credit Corp Group Limited (ASX: CCP) advises that it has revised 
its Securities Trading Policy. Please find attached a copy of the revised Securities Trading Policy which is also 
available on the corporate governance section of Credit Corp’s website. 
This announcement has been authorised for release to the ASX by the Company Secretary. 
 
For more information, please contact: 
 
 
Mr Michael Eadie 
Company Secretary 
Tel: +61 2 8651 5542 
Email: meadie@creditcorp.com.au 
 
 
For personal use only

Corporate Governance | Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
Approved by Board –29th January 2024 
page 1 of 6 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
1.0 Objective 
The objective of this Policy is to outline the requirements for the Trading of the Securities and other related financial 
instruments of Credit Corp Group Limited by its Directors, Key Management Personnel and Staff.  
Capitalised terms used in this Policy have been defined in section 3 below. 
 
2.0 Purpose 
The Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) prohibits the trading in securities of a Company by any person who is in possession 
of price sensitive information regarding that Company that is not generally available.  The Corporations Act: 
(a) 
imposes substantial penalties on persons who breach those provisions; and 
(b) 
applies to the extent of any inconsistency between it and this policy. 
This Policy provides direction to Employees on the Trading of Securities and related financial instruments in order to 
comply with the ASX Listing Rules and prevent a breach of the Corporations Act (including insider trading 
prohibitions) and to ensure dealings by the Employees of the Company are fair and are seen to be fair by 
shareholders and the financial community. 
This Policy sets out the circumstances in which Employees may purchase and sell Securities and other related 
financial products or instruments that seek to limit the risk or take advantage of movements in the value of Securities. 
 
3.0 Defined terms 
Closed Periods means the periods referred to in section 4.1 below. 
Company means Credit Corp Group Limited 
Corporations Act means Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Employees means Directors, Key Management Personnel and Staff of the Company and its controlled entities.  
Key Management Personnel is as defined in AASB 124 Related Party Disclosures. 
Securities means shares, options, debentures (including convertible notes) and other securities issued by the 
Company 
Staff means all permanent and temporary or contract employees of the Company and its controlled entities, other 
than Key Management Personnel and Directors.  
Trading or Trade means, in respect of Securities and related financial instruments, buying or selling, entering into 
an agreement to buy or sell and exercising options, rights or awards to acquire Securities or related financial 
products. 
 
4.0 Securities Trading Policy 
4.1  Subject to sections 4.2 and 4.3 of this Policy, Employees are not permitted to engage in Trading in Securities 
or related financial instruments during Closed Periods.  For trading outside of Closed Periods (other than 
excluded Trades), prior clearance must be obtained in accordance with section 8.1 of this Policy. 
For personal use only

Corporate Governance | Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
Approved by Board –29th January 2024 
page 2 of 6 
 
Closed Periods are: 
(a) 
two months immediately preceding the announcement of the Company’s annual results until the 
commencement of the next trading day after the release of the annual results, 
(b) 
one month immediately preceding the announcement of the Company’s half yearly results until the 
commencement of the next trading day after the release of the half yearly results, 
(c) 
any other periods that the Board determines, in its absolute discretion, to be a Closed Period, including 
due to there being undisclosed price sensitive information. 
 
4.2  Subject to section 4.4 of this Policy, Employees may, however, engage in buying or selling of Securities or 
related financial instruments during Closed Periods if that Trading falls within one of the following categories 
of “excluded Trades”: 
(a) 
transfers of Securities or related financial instruments held by Employees where such transfer does not 
constitute a change in the beneficial ownership; 
(b) 
investments in or divestments of Securities or related financial instruments by a fund or some other 
scheme or other arrangement where investment decisions are exercised by a third party over which the 
Employee has no control or influence; 
(c) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
(d) 
Trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the Company’s shareholders such as a rights 
issue, security purchase plan or an equal access buy-back, where the plan determines that the structure 
and timing of the offer has been approved by the Board; 
(e) 
an acquisition of Securities under a dividend reinvestment plan, provided the election to participate in 
the dividend reinvestment plan was made before the Employee came into possession of any inside 
information;  
(f) 
disposal that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, for example under a margin lending 
arrangement where the Employee has no control over the disposal; or 
(g) 
Trading under any Company executive or employee incentive scheme in accordance with the rules of a 
Board approved employee incentive plan. 
 
4.3  Subject to section 4.4 of this Policy, Employees may request a specific waiver from the prohibition on Trading 
in Securities or related financial instruments during Closed Periods only in exceptional circumstances. Such 
request must be made in accordance with section 8.7 of this Policy.  Exceptional circumstances will only 
occur in respect of the potential disposal of Securities or related financial instruments: 
(a) 
by compulsion of law or regulation. For example, a court order or court enforceable undertaking, for 
example, in a bona fide family settlement, to sell or transfer Securities or related financial instruments; 
(b) 
on account of severe financial hardship. For example, where an Employee has a pressing / urgent 
financial commitment that cannot be satisfied other than by selling an interest in Securities or related 
financial instruments; or 
(c) 
due to any other circumstances that the Chairperson or their delegate/s (or the respective Chairpersons 
of the Remuneration and Human Resources and Audit and Risk Committees in the case of a request by 
the Chairperson) in their absolute discretion accept as being sufficiently exceptional. 
For personal use only

Corporate Governance | Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
Approved by Board –29th January 2024 
page 3 of 6 
 
 
In general, in determining requests for Trading under exceptional circumstances the Employee will need to 
satisfy the Chairperson or their delegate/s (or the respective Chairpersons of the Remuneration and Human 
Resources and Audit and Risk Committees in the case of a request by the Chairperson) that they are in 
severe financial hardship or that the circumstances are otherwise exceptional and that the proposed dealing 
is the only action available. They will also consider the timing of the request in relation to the point within the 
Closed Period it occurs as well as the proximity of the requesting Employee to any non-public price sensitive 
information at the time of the request. 
4.4 
Trading in Securities or related financial products is prohibited outside Closed Periods and in the 
circumstances contemplated by sections 4.2 and 4.3 if this would involve insider trading (see section 5) or 
prohibited trading (see section 4.5). 
4.5  Employees are prohibited from Trading in Securities or related financial products at any time where the 
Trading is: 
(a) 
on a short term basis (other than exercise of Employee options or performance rights at the specified 
price), including buying and selling Securities within a 3-month period and entering into other short-term 
dealings (such as forward contracts); 
(b) 
in the form of the hedging of unvested awards, which is Trading that operates to limit the economic risk 
of an employee's holdings of unvested Securities granted under an employee incentive plan (refer to 
Remuneration and Human Resources Committee Charter); and  
(c) 
represents a short position, which is Trading that enables an Employee to profit from or limit the economic 
risk of a decrease in the market price of Securities. 
 
5.0 Margin lending arrangements 
5.1 
Employees may not include their Securities or related financial instruments in a margin loan portfolio or 
otherwise Trade in Securities or related financial instruments pursuant to a margin or secured lending 
arrangement without first obtaining the consent of the Chairperson or their delegate/s (or, in the case of the 
Chairperson, the respective Chairpersons of the Remuneration and Audit and Risk Committees).  Such 
dealing would include: 
(a) 
entering into a margin or secured lending arrangement in respect of Securities or related financial 
instruments;   
(b) 
transferring Securities or related financial instruments into an existing margin loan account; and 
(c) 
selling Securities or related financial instruments to satisfy a call pursuant to a margin loan except where 
they have no control over such sale. 
5.2 
The Company may, at its discretion, make any consent granted in accordance with section 5.1 conditional 
upon such terms and conditions as the Company sees fit (for example, in regards to the circumstances in 
which the Securities or related financial instruments may be sold to satisfy a margin call). 
 
6.0 Insider trading laws  
6.1 
Under the Corporations Act, all Employees both current and former are prohibited in all circumstances from 
Trading in Securities or related financial instruments at any time if they are in possession of inside 
information regarding the Company and its Securities or related financial instruments whether or not a Closed 
For personal use only

Corporate Governance | Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
Approved by Board –29th January 2024 
page 4 of 6 
 
Period applies.  Inside information is information which is not generally available to the public and which a 
reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on the price or value of the relevant Securities or 
would be likely to influence a person in deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of such Securities.   
6.2 
Employees are also prohibited from procuring others (including persons or entities) to Trade in Securities or 
related financial instruments when the Employee is precluded from Trading.   
6.3 
In addition, Employees: 
(a) 
must not communicate inside information to someone who might then: 
(i) 
Trade in Securities or related financial instruments or 
(ii) 
procure another person to Trade in Securities or related financial instruments. 
This should be assumed to include family members, relatives, and entities they control; and 
(b) 
should seek to ensure that third parties who come into possession of inside information preserve its 
confidentiality and do not Trade while in possession of that information. 
6.4 
Insider trading is strictly prohibited by law, and it is important that all Employees do not breach that 
prohibition. Insider trading or the perception of insider trading, by any Employee will not be tolerated.  The 
existence of a personal financial emergency or hardship does not excuse non-compliance with this Policy.  
It is not only important that the Company, its controlled entities and its Employees do not participate in any 
insider trading activities, but also that any appearance of insider trading is avoided.  Any allegation of 
insider trading would be likely to have a serious detrimental impact on the Company and its business.  As 
such, all Employees must be seen to be actively and diligently upholding the law and complying with this 
Policy. 
6.5 
Insider trading is a crime and can result in imprisonment, fines, orders to pay compensation and other 
penalties against the Company and Employees. 
 
7.0 Application of Policy 
7.1 
This Policy applies to all Employees of the Company and all of its controlled entities. 
7.2 
This Policy is equally applied to Trading by related parties of an Employee.  For the purpose of this Policy, in 
respect of an Employee, a related party is:  
(a) 
the Employee's spouse;  
(b) 
the Employee's de facto spouse;  
(c) 
the Employee's parent;   
(d) 
the Employee's child; 
(e) 
spouse or de facto spouse, of a parent or child of the Employee; 
(f) 
a company in which the Employee or related party has a material interest; or 
(g) 
a trust that the Employee or related party has a beneficial interest in or over which the Employee or 
related party can influence or control its investments. 
 
 
For personal use only

Corporate Governance | Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
Approved by Board –29th January 2024 
page 5 of 6 
 
8.0 Notification of Intention to Trade in Securities and other financial 
instruments. 
8.1 
When permitted to Trade in accordance with this Policy, subject to clause 8.4, all Staff must obtain prior 
clearance in respect of any proposed Trading as follows: 
(a) 
Directors, excluding the Chairperson, and Key Management Personnel must obtain prior clearance from 
the Chairperson; 
(b) 
The Chairperson must obtain prior clearance from the Chairperson of the Audit and Risk Committee and 
in the event that person is not available then the Chairperson of the Remuneration and Human 
Resources Committee; and 
(c) 
Staff members must obtain prior clearance from the Company Secretary. 
8.2 
An Employee must not Trade until confirmation has been received of the proposed Trade.  A confirmation 
expires 5 business days from its date of issue, unless it specifies a different expiry date. 
 
A confirmation confirms that the proposed Trade by the Employee is within the terms of the Securities 
Trading Policy but does not otherwise constitute approval or endorsement by the Company for the proposed 
dealing. 
 
Even if confirmation is granted, an Employee remains personally responsible for their own investment 
decisions and whether the Insider Trading ban applies to them. 
8.3 
All responses to a request for clearance are to be communicated within a reasonable time to the Company 
Secretary who will record the clearance consent in the Dealing Register.  
8.4 
Clearances are not required to be sought for excluded Trades during Closed Periods or outside Closed 
Periods. 
8.5 
All requests for permission to Trade during a Closed Period due to exceptional circumstances must be made 
in accordance with section 8.7 and should address the details of those circumstances and the reasons the 
Employee is requesting the permission to Trade. All requests for permission to Trade due to exceptional 
circumstances require clearance by the Chairperson or their delegate/s. In the case of the requests by the 
Chairperson they require clearance by the respective Chairpersons of the Remuneration and Audit and Risk 
Committees. 
 
Any clearance to Trade during a Closed Period due to exceptional circumstances expires 5 business days 
from its date of issue, unless it specifies a different expiry date. 
8.6 
All requests for permission to Trade during a Closed Period due to exceptional circumstances need to be 
submitted to the Company Secretary in the first instance in writing accompanied by a statutory declaration 
from the requesting Employee declaring that: 
(a) 
the proposed dealing is the only action available; and 
(b) 
they do not possess non-public price sensitive information affecting any Securities or related financial 
instrument. 
8.7 
Employees must confirm to the Company Secretary by email the occurrence of the subsequent Trade, 
detailing the number of Securities or related financial instruments, whether purchased or sold and the details 
if this was transacted in the name of a related party. 
8.8 
Directors are required to immediately notify the Company Secretary of any Trades undertaken by them 
(whether these occur during or outside of a Closed Period and whether with or without prior clearance 
(including excluded Trades) to enable the Company to comply with its ASX reporting obligations. 
For personal use only

Corporate Governance | Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
Approved by Board –29th January 2024 
page 6 of 6 
 
 
 9.0 Review  
This Policy is to be reviewed annually by the Board or its delegate to ensure that the Policy remains up to date and 
effective.   
For personal use only
