 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Revised Trading Policy 
 
Challenger Exploration Limited (ASX: CEL) advises that in accordance with Listing Rule 12.9, the Company has a 
revised Trading Policy. 
 
The Trading Policy is attached and is available on the Company’s website www.challengerex.com  
 
 
For and on behalf of the board 
 
 
Scott Funston 
Company Secretary 
+61 413 867 600 
scott.funston@challengerex.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Challenger Exploration Limited 
ACN 123 591 382 
ASX: CEL 
 
Issued Capital 
648.7m shares 
86.6m options 
120m perf shares 
16m perf rights 
 
Australian Registered Office 
Level 1 
1205 Hay Street 
West Perth WA 6005 
 
Directors 
Mr Kris Knauer, MD and CEO 
Mr Scott Funston, Finance Director 
Mr Fletcher Quinn, Chairman 
 
Contact 
T: +61 8 6380 9235 
E: admin@challengerex.com.au 
www.challengerex.com 
ASX Release 
13 November 2020 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
CHALLENGER EXPLORATION LIMITED 
ABN 45 123 591 382 
(Company) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TRADING POLICY 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
2512-02/1606840_4 
 
1 
GUIDELINES FOR BUYING AND SELLING SECURITIES 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
The Company is a listed company on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).  
Consequently, the Company and its consolidated entities (Group) impose certain 
restrictions with regard to the trading of the Company’s securities by its board of 
directors (Board) and employees. 
These guidelines set out the policy on the sale and purchase of securities in the 
Company. This policy applies to Restricted Persons.  A Restricted Person is a person 
who is:  
(a) 
a person having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and 
controlling the activities of the Company, directly or indirectly, including 
any Director (whether executive or otherwise) of the Company (Key 
Management Personnel); and 
(b) 
a senior employee of the Group (Senior Employee); and 
(c) 
a key or senior contractor or consultant who at the time is engaged by or 
providing services to the Group (Key Consultant or Key Contractor); and 
(d) 
a 
Connected 
Person 
of 
Key 
Management 
Personnel/Senior 
Employees/Key Consultants or Key Contractors. 
A Connected Person means a spouse or partner, child or step-child under 18 -
*years, a parent, an unlisted body corporate which the Key Management 
Personnel, Senior Employee or Key Consultant or Key Contractor controls or is 
director of, a trust of which the Key Management Personnel, Senior Employee or 
Key Consultant or Key Contractor is a trustee and of which he or she or any of the 
persons referred to above is a beneficiary or any other person over whom the Key 
Management Personnel, Senior Employee or Key Consultant or Key Contractor 
has significant influence or control.  Where this policy requires a Restricted Person 
to do an act or thing, the relevant Restricted Person must do that act or thing in 
respect of the Connected Person.  Restricted Persons are encouraged to be long-
term holders of Company Securities.  However, it is important that care is taken in 
the timing of any purchase or sale of such securities. 
The purpose of these guidelines is to assist Restricted Persons to avoid conduct 
known as ‘insider trading’.  In some respects, the Company’s policy extends 
beyond the strict requirements of the Corporations Act. 
2. 
SECURITIES COVERED BY THIS POLICY? 
This policy applies to trading in all securities issued by the Company, and includes 
the following types of securities: 
(a) 
shares, share acquisition rights and options; 
(b) 
debentures (including bonds and notes); 
(c) 
derivatives of any of the above (including equity swaps, futures, hedges 
and exchange-traded or over-the-counter options) whether settled by 
cash or otherwise, 
(Company Securities) 
For personal use only

 
2512-02/1606840_4 
 
2 
The insider trading provisions in the Corporations Act also apply to the securities of 
other companies and entities if you have inside information about that company 
or entity.  These other companies and entities may include suppliers or customers 
of the Group; joint venture partners; or companies that the Company or another 
member of the Group has entered (or is planning to enter) into a transaction with, 
for example a takeover or asset sale or purchase. 
3. 
WHAT IS INSIDER TRADING? 
3.1 
Prohibition 
Conduct which constitutes insider trading or insider dealing is a criminal offence.  
It may also result in civil liability.  In broad terms, a person will be guilty of insider 
trading if: 
(a) 
that person possesses information which is not generally available to the 
market and, if it were generally available to the market, would be likely 
to have a material effect on the price or value of the Company’s 
Securities (ie, information that is ‘price sensitive’)(Inside Information); and 
(b) 
that person: 
(i) 
directly or indirectly buys or sells Company Securities for their own 
account or for the account of a third party; or 
(ii) 
recommends on the basis of the Inside Information that another 
person deals in Company Securities or induces that person to 
deal, or cancels or amends an order concerning Company 
Securities or induces that person to so cancel or amend; or 
(iii) 
passes on that information to a third party where that person 
knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the third party would 
be likely to buy or sell the securities or procure someone else to 
buy or sell Company Securities. 
A person will also be guilty of insider trading or insider dealing if they use a 
recommendation or inducement (as set out in paragraph (b)(iii) above) and they 
know or ought to know that such recommendation or inducement is based on 
Inside Information. 
3.2 
Generally Available Information 
Information is “generally available” if it: 
(a) 
consists of a readily observable matter; 
(b) 
has been made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, 
bring it to the attention of persons who commonly invest in any classes of 
securities issued by the Company and, since it was made known, a 
reasonable period for it to be disseminated among those persons has 
elapsed.  That is, information will be “generally available” if it has been 
released to the ASX or published in an annual report or prospectus or 
similar document and a reasonable period of time has elapsed after the 
information has been disseminated in one of these ways or: 
(c) 
consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from 
information referred to in clause 3.2 (a) of this policy or information made 
known as mentioned in clause 3.2 (b) of this policy, or both.     
For personal use only

 
2512-02/1606840_4 
 
3 
3.3 
Examples 
To illustrate the prohibition described above, the following are possible examples 
of price sensitive information which, if made available to the market, may be likely 
to affect materially the price of Company Securities: 
(a) 
the Company considering a major acquisition or disposal of assets; 
(b) 
the threat of major litigation against the Company; 
(c) 
the Company’s sales and profit results materially exceeding (or falling 
short of) the market’s expectations; 
(d) 
a material change in debt, liquidity or cash flow; 
(e) 
the granting (or loss) or a major contract; 
(f) 
management or business restructuring proposal;  
(g) 
a share issue proposal; 
(h) 
an event which could have a material impact (either positively or 
negatively) on production or profits (for example, disconnection or shut-
in of production, a significant safety or environmental incident); 
(i) 
giving or receiving a notice of intention to make a takeover; 
(j) 
an agreement or option to acquire an interest in a mining tenement, or 
to enter into a joint venture or farm-in or farm-out arrangement in relation 
to a mining tenement; and 
(k) 
significant discoveries, exploration results, or changes in reserve/resource 
estimates or production figures from mining tenements in which the 
Company has an interest. 
3.4 
Dealing through third parties 
The prohibition extends to dealings by Key Management Personnel, Senior 
Employees, Key Consultants or Key Contractors through nominees, agents or other 
Connected Persons. 
3.5 
Information however obtained 
It does not matter how or where the person obtains the information – it does not 
have to be obtained from the Company to constitute Inside Information. 
3.6 
Option exercises 
The prohibition does not apply to acquisitions of shares or options by Key 
Management Personnel, a Senior Employee or Key Consultant or Key Contractor 
made under employee share or option schemes, nor does it apply to the 
acquisition of shares as a result of the exercise of options under an employee 
option scheme.  However, the prohibition does apply to the sale of shares 
acquired under an employee share scheme and also to the sale of shares 
acquired following the exercise of an option granted under an employee option 
scheme. 
For personal use only

 
2512-02/1606840_4 
 
4 
4. 
GUIDELINES FOR TRADING IN THE COMPANY’S SECURITIES 
4.1 
General rule 
Restricted Persons must not deal in or procure others to deal in Company 
Securities at any time if he or she is in possession of Inside Information. 
Restricted Persons are not permitted to buy or sell Company Securities during the 
period: 
• 
from two weeks prior to until two days after the release of the 
Company’s full year results; and 
• 
from two weeks prior to until two days after the release of the 
Company’s half year results. 
(Blackout Periods). 
 
Restricted Persons must also not deal in Company Securities within any period 
imposed by the Board from time to time, for example because the Company is 
considering matters that would require disclosure to the market but for Listing Rule 
3.1A (Additional Period). 
This prohibition is in addition to the Blackout Periods.  The Blackout Periods and the 
Additional Period are together referred to as a prohibited period (Prohibited 
Period). 
4.2 
No short-term trading in the Company’s securities 
Restricted Persons should never engage in short-term trading of Company 
Securities except for the exercise of options where the shares will be sold shortly 
thereafter. 
4.3 
Placing of Orders 
The placing of orders is prohibited. Restricted Persons must accept the bid or the 
asking price matching the available number of shares that are bid or offered 
when trading in the Company’s securities.  
4.4 
Securities in other companies 
Buying and selling securities of other companies with which the Company may be 
dealing is prohibited where an individual possesses information which is not 
‘generally available’ to the market and is ‘price sensitive’.  For example, where an 
individual is aware that the Company is about to sign a major agreement with 
another company, they should not buy securities in either the Company or the 
other company. 
4.5 
Exceptions 
(a) 
Restricted Persons may at any time: 
(i) 
acquire ordinary shares in the Company by conversion of 
securities giving a right of conversion to ordinary shares; 
(ii) 
acquire Company Securities under a bonus issue made to all 
holders of securities of the same class; 
For personal use only

 
2512-02/1606840_4 
 
5 
(iii) 
acquire Company Securities under a dividend reinvestment, or 
top-up plan that is available to all holders or securities of the 
same class; 
(iv) 
acquire, or agree to acquire or exercise options under a 
Company Share Option Plan; 
(v) 
withdraw ordinary shares in the Company held on behalf of the 
employee in an employee share plan where the withdrawal is 
permitted by the rules of that plan;  
(vi) 
acquire ordinary shares in the Company as a result of the 
exercise of options held under an employee option scheme; 
(vii) 
transfer securities of the Company already held into a 
superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which the 
Restricted Person is a beneficiary; 
(viii) 
make an investment in, or trade in units of, a fund or other 
scheme (other than a scheme only investing in the securities of 
the Company) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are 
invested at the discretion of a third party; 
(ix) 
where a Restricted Person is a trustee, trade in Company 
Securities by that trust provided the Restricted Person is not a 
beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a 
Prohibited Period is taken by the other trustees or by the 
investment managers independently of the Restricted Person; 
(x) 
undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer; 
(xi) 
trade under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the 
security holders, such as, a rights issue, a security purchase plan, 
a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an equal access 
buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and 
structure of the offer has been approved by the Board. This 
includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the 
entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for 
the take up of the balance of entitlements under a 
renounceable pro rata issue; 
(xii) 
dispose of Company Securities resulting from a secured lender 
exercising their rights, for example, under a margin lending 
arrangement; 
(xiii) 
exercise (but not sell securities following exercise) an option or a 
right under an employee incentive scheme, or convert a 
convertible security, where the final date for the exercise of the 
option or right, or the conversion of the security, falls during a 
Prohibited Period and the Company has been in an 
exceptionally long Prohibited Period or the Company has had a 
number of consecutive Prohibited Periods and the Restricted 
Person could not reasonably have been expected to exercise it 
at a time when free to do so; or 
(xiv) 
trade under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior 
written clearance has been provided in accordance with 
procedures set out in this policy. 
For personal use only

 
2512-02/1606840_4 
 
6 
(b) 
In relation to any share or option plans: 
(i) 
it is not permissible to provide the exercise price of options by 
selling the shares acquired on the exercise of these options unless 
the sale of those shares occurs outside the Prohibited Period 
specified in paragraph 4.1; and 
(ii) 
where the exercise price of options is being provided by a margin 
loan or other form of lending arrangement then there may be a 
risk that the Restricted Person may need to sell shares to avoid 
providing additional capital or security to the lender in the event 
of a decrease in the value of the shares. 
Were this to occur at a time when the person possessed Inside Information then 
the sale of Company Securities would be a breach of insider trading laws, even 
though the person’s decision to sell was not influenced by the Inside Information 
that the person possessed and the person may not have made a profit on the 
sale.  Where Company Securities are provided to a lender as security by way of 
mortgage or charge a sale that occurs under that mortgage or charge as a 
consequence of default would not breach insider trading laws. 
5. 
APPROVAL AND NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS 
5.1 
Approval Requirements – directors 
(a) 
Any director wishing to buy, sell or exercise rights in relation to Company 
Securities must obtain the prior approval of the Chairman or the Board 
before doing so; or 
(b) 
If the Chairman wishes to buy, sell or exercise rights in relation to Company 
Securities the Chairman must obtain the prior approval of the Board 
before doing so. 
5.2 
Approval Requirements – Key Management Personnel (excluding directors) 
Any Key Management Personnel wishing to buy, sell or exercise rights in relation 
to Company Securities must obtain the prior approval of the Managing Director 
before doing so.  
5.3 
Approval Requirements – Senior Employee or Key Consultant or Key Contractor 
Any Senior Employee, Key Consultant or Key Contractor wishing to buy, sell or 
exercise rights in relation to Company Securities must obtain the prior approval of 
the Company Secretary before doing so. 
5.4 
Exemption from trading restriction due to exceptional circumstance 
A Restricted Person who is not in possession of Inside Information in relation to the 
Company, may be given prior written clearance by the appropriate person as 
outlined above in clauses 5.1, 5.2, and 5.3 to sell or otherwise dispose of Company 
Securities during a Prohibited Period  where the person is in severe financial 
hardship or where there are exceptional circumstances as set out in this policy. 
5.5 
Severe Financial Hardship or Exceptional Circumstances 
The determination of whether a Restricted Person is in severe financial hardship 
will be made by the Managing Director in the case of Senior Employees, Key 
For personal use only

 
2512-02/1606840_4 
 
7 
Consultants or Key Contractors, the Chairman in the case of a Director, and all of 
the Board in the case of the Chairman.  
A financial hardship or exceptional circumstances determination can only be 
made by examining all of the facts and if necessary obtaining independent 
verification of the facts from banks, accountants or other like institutions. 
5.6 
Financial Hardship 
Restricted Persons may be in severe financial hardship if they have a pressing 
financial commitment that can not be satisfied other than by selling Company 
Securities.  
In the interests of an expedient and informed determination by the Managing 
Director, Chairman or Board of Directors, any application for an exemption 
allowing the sale of Company Securities during a Prohibited Period based on 
financial hardship must be made in writing, be accompanied by a statutory 
declaration stating all of the facts and be accompanied by copies of relevant 
supporting documentation, including contact details of the persons accountant, 
bank and other such independent institutions.  
Any exemption, if issued, will be in writing and shall contain a specified time period 
during which the sale of Company Securities can be made. 
5.7 
Exceptional Circumstances 
Exceptional circumstances may apply to the disposal of Company Securities by a 
Restricted Person if the person is required by a court order, a court enforceable 
undertaking for example in a bona fide family settlement, to transfer or sell 
Company Securities or there is some other overriding legal or regulatory 
requirement to do so. 
Any application for an exemption allowing the sale of Company Securities during 
a Prohibited Period based on exceptional circumstances must be made in writing 
and be accompanied by relevant court and/or supporting legal documentation.  
Any exemption, if issued, will be in writing and shall contain a specified time period 
during which the sale of Company Securities can be made. 
 
6. 
ASX NOTIFICATION FOR DIRECTORS 
The ASX Listing Rules require the Company to notify the ASX within 5 business days 
after any dealing in Company Securities (either personally or through a 
Connected Person) which results in a change in the relevant interests of a Director 
in Company Securities.  The Company has made arrangements with each 
Director to ensure that the Director promptly discloses to the Company Secretary 
all the information required by the ASX. 
7. 
EFFECT OF COMPLIANCE WITH THIS POLICY 
Compliance with these Guidelines for trading in Company Securities does not 
absolve that individual from complying with the law, which must be the overriding 
consideration when trading in Company Securities. 
 
For personal use only
