 
 
 
 
Securities Trading 
Policy   
The Policy is reviewed at least on a biennial basis by the Board, or earlier if determined 
by the Board or by management. 
Any change to this Policy requires the approval of the Board. 
Policy Owner:  General Counsel and Company Secretary 
Issue Date: 
30 June 2026 

Securities Trading Policy  
 
2 
Contents 
1. 
Purpose ...................................................................................................................... 3 
2. 
Who this policy applies to ......................................................................................... 3 
3. 
Why this policy is important ..................................................................................... 3 
4. 
Fundamental rule – insider trading is prohibited at all times ................................. 4 
5. 
If in doubt, don’t trade ............................................................................................... 4 
6. 
Delegated authorities................................................................................................. 5 
7. 
Confidential information ............................................................................................ 6 
8. 
Short term trading should be avoided ...................................................................... 6 
9. 
Transactions in associated products ....................................................................... 6 
10. 
Additional trading restrictions for restricted persons ............................................. 6 
11. 
Breaches of policy ..................................................................................................... 6 
12. 
Monitoring of trading ................................................................................................. 7 
13. 
Exceptions .................................................................................................................. 7 
14. 
Exclusions .................................................................................................................. 7 
15. 
Application of policy .................................................................................................. 7 
 
 
 

Securities Trading Policy  
 
3 
1. 
Purpose  
1.1. 
The purpose of this Policy is to detail the rules for all Channel Persons (as defined in paragraph 
2) trading in:  
(a) 
the ordinary shares of Channel Infrastructure NZ Limited (Channel Infrastructure or the 
Company) listed on the NZX Main Board (NZX) and the Australian Securities Exchange 
(ASX); 
(b) 
any Channel Infrastructure debt securities listed on the NZX Debt Market or ASX; and  
(c) 
any other listed financial products of Channel Infrastructure or its subsidiaries, and any 
options, derivatives or other financial products issued or created over or in respect of any 
financial products of Channel Infrastructure or its subsidiaries that are listed on a stock 
exchange.  
Collectively these are the Company’s securities (Company Securities) to which this Policy 
relates. This Policy applies to any trading in Company Securities in any way, including through 
Sharesies or other similar online securities trading platforms.  
2. 
Who this policy applies to  
2.1. 
This Policy applies to you if you are a director, officer, employee, contractor or service provider 
(Channel Person) of Channel Infrastructure, Channel Terminal Services Limited, Independent 
Petroleum Laboratory Limited or any other subsidiary of Channel Infrastructure (together, the 
Channel Infrastructure Group).  
2.2. 
It also applies to:  
(a) 
a Channel Person’s spouse or partner, dependent children, family members or other 
persons acting on the direction or recommendation of a Channel Person, in addition to 
companies, trusts and other entities controlled by a Channel Person; and 
(b) 
anyone else notified by the Company Secretary from time to time.  
3. 
Why this policy is important  
3.1. 
Insider trading is illegal in New Zealand and elsewhere. Every Channel Person must comply with 
the law and with this Policy.  
3.2. 
In this Policy "trade" is a broad concept and includes buying or selling Company Securities or 
agreeing to do so. As such if you are thinking of disposing, acquiring or in any way dealing in any 
Company Securities, as defined below, this Policy and the law against insider trading may apply.  
3.3. 
Given the wide scope of what constitutes a ‘Company Security’, even, for example, indirect 
trading or investing in the Company’s shares may be prohibited by this Policy and the law. So, if 
you have any doubt regarding your obligations, before you trade, speak to the Company 
Secretary.  
3.4. 
In addition to the fundamental rule prohibiting insider trading in Company Securities applicable 
to all Channel Persons, further specific rules apply to trading in Company Securities by Restricted 
Persons (as defined in Appendix I “Additional Trading Restrictions for Restricted Persons”).  

Securities Trading Policy  
 
4 
3.5. 
The requirements imposed by this Policy are separate from, and in addition to, the legal 
prohibitions on insider trading in New Zealand and elsewhere.  
If you do not understand any part of this Policy, or how it applies to you, you should raise the 
matter with the Company Secretary before trading any Company Securities.  
4. 
Fundamental rule – insider trading is prohibited at all times  
4.1. 
If you have Material Information (as defined in paragraph 6 below), then whether or not you are 
a Restricted Person (as defined in Appendix I), you must not:  
(a) 
trade Company Securities;  
(b) 
advise or encourage others to trade or hold Company Securities;  
(c) 
advise or encourage a person to advise or encourage another person to trade or hold 
Company Securities; or  
(d) 
directly or indirectly communicate, or pass on the Material Information to anyone else – 
including colleagues, family, friends, nominees, partners, and trusts or companies you 
control – knowing, or where you ought reasonably to have known, or believing, that the 
other person will, or is likely to, trade in, or advise or encourage someone else to trade in 
or hold, Company Securities.  
4.2. 
This offence, called "insider trading", can subject you to criminal liability including large fines 
and/or imprisonment, and civil liability, which may include being sued by another party, the 
Company or government agencies (such as the Financial Markets Authority), for any loss 
suffered as a result of illegal trading. The legislation that prohibits insider trading in New Zealand 
is Part 5 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.  
4.3. 
The prohibitions apply regardless of how you learn of the Material Information, and regardless of 
why you are trading. Even if you cease to be employed by or contract with a member of the 
Channel Infrastructure Group, the prohibitions will still apply to you as a matter of general law if 
you remain in possession or continue to be aware of Material Information.  
4.4. 
The prohibition on insider trading applies not only to information concerning Company Securities. 
If a person has Material Information in relation to listed securities of another issuer, the same 
prohibitions apply. In particular, careful consideration is needed about whether Material 
Information you have about Company Securities may be Material Information about another listed 
issuer, e.g. if the Channel Infrastructure Group is about to enter into a transaction with the other 
listed issuer.  
5. 
If in doubt, don’t trade  
5.1. 
The rules contained in this Policy do not replace your legal obligations. The boundary between 
what is (and is not) in breach of the law is not always clear. Sometimes behaviour that you 
consider to be ethical, actually may be insider trading. IF IN DOUBT, DON'T TRADE.  

Securities Trading Policy  
 
5 
6. 
Delegated authorities  
6.1. 
 “Material Information" for the purposes of this Policy is information that:  
(a) 
is not generally available to the market; and  
(b) 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect 
on the price of Company Securities.  
6.2. 
Information is "generally available" to the market for the purposes of this Policy if:  
(a) 
it has been released as an announcement on NZX and ASX; or 
(b) 
investors that commonly invest in Company Securities can readily obtain the information 
(whether by observation, use of expertise, purchase or other means). 
6.3. 
All Channel Persons should assume that information is not “generally available” unless it has 
been released through an announcement on NZX and ASX. Media speculation concerning an 
issue will not make it generally available.  
6.4. 
It does not matter how you come to know the Material Information (including whether you learnt 
it in the course of carrying out your responsibilities, or in passing in the corridor, or in a lift, or at 
a social function). You may also be taken to know information in certain circumstances, for 
example, if it is in your email inbox, even though you may not have read it. 
6.5. 
Information includes rumours, matters of supposition, intentions or likely intentions of a person 
(including a Channel Infrastructure Group company), and information, which is insufficiently 
definite to warrant disclosure to the public.  
6.6. 
The following list provides examples of Material Information and is illustrative only. Material 
Information could include information concerning:  
(a) 
the financial performance of the Channel Infrastructure Group;  
(b) 
a possible change in the strategic direction of Channel Infrastructure;  
(c) 
a possible acquisition or sale of any material assets or businesses by any member of the 
Channel Infrastructure Group;  
(d) 
entry into or the likely entry into or termination or likely termination of material contracts or 
other business arrangements;  
(e) 
a possible change in Channel Infrastructure's capital structure;  
(f) 
a change in the historical pattern of dividends;  
(g) 
senior management changes;  
(h) 
a material legal claim by or against a member of the Channel Infrastructure Group; or  
(i) 
any other material and unexpected liability, in each case, the details of which have not 
been released to the market through NZX and ASX.  

Securities Trading Policy  
 
6 
6.7. 
The range of possible Material Information is very wide, so if you are planning to buy or sell any 
Company Securities and you have any doubts, you should discuss it confidentially with the 
Company Secretary.  
7. 
Confidential information  
7.1. 
In addition to the above, you have a duty of confidentiality to the Channel Infrastructure Group. 
You must not reveal any confidential information concerning the Channel Infrastructure Group to 
a third party (unless that third party has signed a confidentiality agreement with the relevant 
Channel Infrastructure Group company and you have been authorised to disclose the confidential 
information) or to use confidential information in any way which may injure or cause loss to the 
Channel Infrastructure Group, or use confidential information to gain an advantage for yourself. 
You should endeavour to ensure that external advisers keep the Channel Infrastructure Group’s 
information confidential.  
8. 
Short term trading should be avoided  
8.1. 
You should not engage in short term dealing (i.e. buying and selling Company Securities within 
a 6-month period) unless there are exceptional circumstances discussed and approved by the 
Company Secretary in consultation with the Chair of the Board or the Chair of the Audit and 
Finance Committee.  
8.2. 
Short term trading can be a key indicator of insider trading, particularly if undertaken on a regular 
basis or in large amounts. Therefore, to reduce the risk of an allegation of insider trading, do not 
deal in Company Securities on a short-term basis.  
9. 
Transactions in associated products  
9.1. 
Where you are entitled to participate in any equity-based remuneration scheme, you may not 
enter into any transaction for any associated product which has the effect of limiting the economic 
risk of participating in any unvested entitlement you are eligible for under that remuneration 
scheme.  
10. Additional trading restrictions for restricted persons  
10.1. Additional restrictions on trading in Company Securities apply to those persons who are 
Restricted Persons as defined in Appendix I. The additional trading restrictions are as set out in 
Appendix I. If you are unsure whether these rules apply to you, you should contact the Company 
Secretary.  
10.2. On request by the Company Secretary (including, without limitation, for the purposes of 
monitoring compliance with this Policy, responding to regulatory enquiries, or facilitating required 
disclosures), a Restricted Person must immediately provide the Company Secretary with the 
Common Shareholder Number/s and other personal information relating to their Channel 
Infrastructure holdings for their personal accounts and any other accounts that they control.   
11. Breaches of policy  
11.1. Potentially serious civil and criminal liability, including large fines and/or imprisonment arises from 
breaches of insider trading laws. You may be sued by another party, Channel Infrastructure or 
government agencies (such as the Financial Markets Authority), for any loss suffered as a result 

Securities Trading Policy  
 
7 
of illegal trading. These laws also apply to individuals outside of the Channel Infrastructure Group, 
such as your family, should they acquire or become aware of Material Information. Breaches of 
this Policy would also result in a breach of your conditions of employment or contract with any 
Channel Infrastructure Group company, and may lead to disciplinary action, dismissal or 
termination of contract.  
11.2. Any breach of this Policy must be promptly reported to the Company Secretary and the Chair of 
the Audit and Finance Committee.  
12. Monitoring of trading  
12.1. Channel Infrastructure may monitor the trading of Channel Persons as part of the administration 
of this Policy.  
12.2. You should also be aware that NZX and ASX actively monitor trading of all listed companies, 
including Channel Infrastructure, for any suspicious trading. In New Zealand, NZX Regulation 
(NZ RegCo) monitors trading activity and refers potential misconduct to the Financial Markets 
Authority, which investigates and enforces insider trading laws. In Australia, market surveillance 
and enforcement of insider trading laws is undertaken by the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission.   
13. Exceptions  
13.1. This Policy does not apply to:  
(a) 
acquisitions and disposals by gift or inheritance; or  
(b) 
acquisitions through an issue of new quoted financial products, such as an issue of new 
CHI shares by the Company (for example, under a rights issue, dividend reinvestment plan 
or share purchase plan). 
14. Exclusions  
The additional trading restrictions set out above do not apply to participation in an employee, 
executive or director share scheme or Long-Term Incentive plan (LTI) operated by the 
Company (e.g. agreeing to participate in an LTI plan), or to share rights issued under a Share 
Rights Plan. However, where Company Securities granted under an LTI plan cease to be held 
under the terms of that plan, or share rights issued under a Share Rights Plan vest and 
Company Securities are issued to the holder of the share rights, any trading in those Company 
Securities must only occur in accordance with this Securities Trading Policy. Restricted Persons 
must also comply with Appendix I.  
15. Application of policy  
15.1. This Policy is not intended to be legal advice and is not a substitute for legal advice. If a Channel 
Person has any doubt about whether they may trade in Company Securities, they should consult 
the Company Secretary in the first instance and then seek legal advice.  
 
 

Securities Trading Policy  
 
8 
Appendix I 
Additional trading restrictions for restricted persons  
A. 
Restricted Persons  
“Restricted Persons” that the additional trading restrictions set our below apply to are defined as:  
• 
All Directors of Channel Infrastructure;  
• 
The Channel Infrastructure Chief Executive, all members of the Leadership Team and their direct 
reports;  
• 
All members of the Channel Infrastructure Finance team;  
• 
Any other person notified by the Company Secretary from time to time.  
Restricted Persons will be considered responsible for the actions of their spouse or partner, dependent 
children, trusts and companies controlled by them. In this respect, “control” is not to be construed in a 
technical way but by looking at how decisions are made in practice.  
B. 
“Black out” periods  
Restricted Persons must not trade in Company Securities during any of the following “blackout” periods:  
• 
From the close of trading on 31 December until the first trading day after the release of the annual 
report to the NZX and ASX.  
• 
From the close of trading on 30 June until the first trading day after the release of the half-year 
preliminary announcement to the NZX and ASX; and  
• 
Any other period that the Company Secretary specifies from time to time (e.g. prior to a capital 
raising or refinancing).  
If a Restricted Person holds or is aware of any Material Information that person must not trade 
any Company Securities at any time, regardless of these periods.  
C. 
Exceptional Circumstances  
Restricted Persons are not permitted to deal in any Company Securities during a black-out period 
unless the Company Secretary provides a specific exemption in Exceptional Circumstances, which may 
include:  
• 
The Restricted Person is in severe financial hardship; or  
• 
The Restricted Person is required by a court order or other court enforceable undertaking to transfer 
or sell Company Securities.  
If a Director, Chief Executive or the Company Secretary needs to trade during a blackout period, the 
Request for Consent form (refer Appendix II) must be signed by the Board Chair, or in their absence, 
the Chair of the Audit and Finance Committee. In the case of proposed trading by the Board Chair, the 
Request for Consent must be signed by the Chair of the Audit and Finance Committee.  

Securities Trading Policy  
 
9 
An application by a Restricted Person to trade during a blackout period must set out the circumstances 
of the proposed trade, including an explanation as to the reason the waiver is requested and 
confirmation that the person, on reasonable investigation, does not hold and is not aware of any Material 
Information.  
If a waiver is granted to trade Company Securities during a black out period, the Restricted Person will 
be notified in writing (which may include notification via email) and in each circumstance the duration 
of the waiver to trade in Company Securities will be two trading days from the date of notification. A 
consent is automatically deemed to be withdrawn if the person acquires or becomes aware of any 
Material Information before trading.  
D. 
Trading outside black-out periods  
Before trading Company Securities at any time outside of a black-out period, Restricted Persons must 
in writing:  
• 
Notify the Company Secretary of their intention to trade Company Securities, and seek consent to 
do so (using the Request for Consent to Trade in Company Securities form as per Appendix II)  
• 
Confirm that they, on reasonable investigation, are not aware of and do not hold any Material 
Information, and  
• 
Confirm that there is no known reason to prohibit trading in Company Securities.  
In the case of the proposed trading by a Director, Chief Executive or the Company Secretary, the 
Request for Consent must be signed by the Board Chair, or in their absence, the Chair of the Audit and 
Finance Committee. In the case of proposed trading by the Board Chair, the Request for Consent must 
be signed by the Chair of the Audit and Finance Committee.  
A consent to trade is only valid for a period of 10 trading days after notification (and a new consent is 
required for dealings in Company Securities which will be completed more than 10 trading days after a 
previous consent was given). A consent is automatically deemed to be withdrawn if the Restricted 
Person acquires or becomes aware of Material Information prior to dealing.  
E. 
Requirements after trading  
A Restricted Person must advise the Company Secretary promptly following the completion of any trade 
and provide a copy of the contract note (or other transaction documentation, in the case of an off-market 
trade) within 2 working days of the trade being completed, and the Restricted Person must comply with 
any disclosure obligations that that person has under the NZX and ASX Listing Rules and at law, 
including under the Financial Markets Conducts Act 2013 (FMCA). The FMCA requires Directors and 
senior managers to disclose all trades in Company Securities in which they have a relevant interest (as 
defined in the FMCA). If you are not sure whether you are a senior manager or have a relevant interest, 
please contact the Company Secretary.  
 
 

Securities Trading Policy  
 
10 
Appendix II 
Request for consent to trade in company securities  
CHANNEL INFRASTRUCTURE NZ LIMITED (CHANNEL INFRASTRUCTURE) 
REQUEST FOR CONSENT TO TRADE IN COMPANY SECURITIES 
To:  
Company Secretary, Channel Infrastructure  
In accordance with Channel Infrastructure’s Securities Trading Policy, I request Channel Infrastructure’s 
consent be given to the following proposed transaction to be undertaken either by me or persons 
associated with me, within 10 trading days of approval being given. The trade will be undertaken in 2 
trading days of approval being granted where the request is under Part C of the Additional Trading 
Restrictions for Restricted Persons. I acknowledge no member of the Channel Infrastructure Group is 
advising or encouraging me to trade or hold Company Securities nor is providing any financial product 
recommendation.  
Name:  
  
Name of registered holder 
transacting (if different):  
 
Residential Address: 
 
Email:  
  
Position:  
 
Description and number of 
financial product: 
  
Type of proposed transaction: 
Purchase/sale/other (specify)  
Reason for transaction: 
  
To be transacted:  
On NZX/ASX/off-market trade/other (specify)  
Likely date of transaction (on 
or about): 
 
I declare that I, after reasonable investigation, do not hold and am not aware of any information which:  
• 
Is not generally available to the market; or  
• 
Would have a material effect on the price of Company Securities if it were generally available to the 
market.  
I know of no reason to prohibit me from trading in Company Securities and certify that the details given 
above are complete, true and correct.  

Securities Trading Policy  
 
11 
I UNDERSTAND THAT CONSENT IS AUTOMATICALLY DEEMED TO BE WITHDRAWN IF I 
ACQUIRE OR BECOME AWARE OF MATERIAL INFORMATION PRIOR TO THE TRADE BEING 
COMPLETED.  
 
 
 
Signature 
 
Date  
NB: A copy of the contract note (or other transaction documentation, in the case of an off-market 
trade) must be provided to the Company Secretary within 2 working days of the trade being 
completed.  
Channel Infrastructure hereby consents/does not consent to the proposed transaction described 
above. Any consent is conditional on the proposed transaction being completed within 10 trading 
days of the date of this consent or 2 trading days of the date of this consent where the proposed 
transaction is applied for under Part C, and in compliance with Channel Infrastructure’s Securities 
Trading Policy and Additional Trading Restrictions for Restricted Persons.  
 
Name  
On behalf of Channel Infrastructure  
 
Date 
The Securities Trading Policy is not intended to be legal advice and is not a substitute for legal advice. 
If a Channel Person has any doubt about whether they may trade in Company Securities, they should 
consult with the Company Secretary in the first instance and then seek legal advice.  
 
 
