 
 
 
Australian Securities Exchange - Company Announcements Platform 
 
Centuria Property Funds No. 2 Limited 
CENTURIA INDUSTRIAL REIT (CIP) 
Updated Directors’ & Employees’ Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
Tuesday, 7 February 2017 
Since Centuria Capital Group’s (CNI) completion of the transfer of management of the Centuria 
Industrial REIT (CIP) from the 360 Capital Group, the Responsible Entity of CIP, being Centuria 
Property Funds No.2 Limited (CPF2L) today adopted the Centuria Capital Group Directors’ & 
Employees’ Securities Trading Policy. 
Attached is the Centuria Capital Group Directors’ & Employees’ Securities Trading Policy which will 
take effect in relation to CIP as of today. 
 
For more about the Centuria Group see www.centuria.com.au 
 
- Ends - 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
Nicholas Collishaw 
CEO – Listed Property Funds  
Centuria Property Funds Limited 
Phone: 02 8923 8923 
Email: nicholas.collishaw@centuria.com.au 
Shalome Ruiter 
Investor Relations Manager 
Centuria Property Funds Limited 
Phone: 02 8923 8923 
Email: shalome.ruiter@centuria.com.au 
About Centuria Listed Property Funds Number 2. Limited 
Centuria Property Funds No. 2 Limited (CPF2L), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Centuria Capital Group (CNI), is the 
Responsible Entity for the ASX listed Centuria Urban REIT (CUA) and Centuria Industrial REIT (CIP).  
CPF2L, combined with Centuria Property Funds Limited (CPFL), the Responsible Entity for the ASX listed Centuria 
Metropolitan REIT (CMA), have approximately $2.9 billion of funds under management in 18 unlisted property funds 
and 3 listed REIT’s. 
CNI is an ASX-listed specialist investment manager with $3.6 billion in total funds under management. 
For personal use only

 
1
 
 
CENTURIA CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
DIRECTORS’ & EMPLOYEES’ SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
Terms 
Definition 
ASX 
Australian Securities Exchange 
Board 
Board of Directors of the Company 
the Group 
Centuria Capital Limited and any of its subsidiaries 
the Company 
Centuria Capital Limited 
the LPT 
any listed property trust of which a Group entity is 
the responsible entity or manager 
the Responsible Entity 
any Group entity that is the responsible entity of a 
registered managed investment scheme that is 
listed on the ASX. 
Director 
a Director of the Group 
Employee 
any employee of the Group, including Key 
Management Personnel as that term is defined in 
Accounting Standard AASB 124 related Party 
Disclosure 
Centuria Securities 
securities of any class, notes, options bonds or 
any related derivatives issued by the Group 
Corporations Act 
 Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
Centuria Employee Deferred Share Plan 
any 
salary 
sacrifice 
plan 
for 
employees 
predetermined at the start of a financial year. 
Centuria Executive Incentive Plan  
any executive incentive plan for the Group as 
approved by the shareholders from time to time.  
 
Introduction 
 
1. The purpose of this trading policy is to: 
a) ensure that Directors and Employees are aware of the law prohibiting insider 
trading; and 
b) establish guidelines for dealings in Centuria Securities to ensure Directors 
and Employees comply with the law prohibiting insider trading. 
 
Background and Overriding Requirement 
 
2. The Corporations Act prohibits any person from dealing in securities and other 
financial instruments when in possession of "inside information". 
 
3. "Inside information" is information which is not generally available and if the 
information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a 
material effect on the price or value of the securities Examples of inside information 
could be: 
• the expected financial performance of the Group or the LPT; 
• a proposed acquisition or sale of a material asset by the Company or the LPT 
which has not yet been disclosed to the ASX; or 
• changes to the Board or senior management. 
 
4. Directors and Employees must not communicate inside information relating to the 
Group to any person if they know or ought to know that the other person would or would 
be likely to use the information, directly or indirectly, for dealings in Centuria’s 
Securities. 
For personal use only

 
2
 
5. Irrespective of the whether this policy permits trading outside of a blackout period, no 
Director or Employee may deal in Centuria Securities whilst in possession of inside 
information. 
 
6. Directors and Employees must not procure anyone else to deal in Centuria Securities 
where this policy prohibits the Director or Employee from dealing. 
 
Blackout period 
 
7. Directors and Employees are not permitted to buy, sell or otherwise trade in Centuria 
Securities during a “blackout period,” unless there are exceptional circumstances and 
prior written approval has been obtained in accordance with paragraph 15. 
 
8.   A “blackout period” is: 
      the shorter of: 
a) the period of six weeks ending on, and including, the day following the 
expected date of release to the ASX of the Company or LPT's Preliminary 
final report; or 
b) the period from the Company’s financial year-end up to and including the 
day following the expected release to the ASX of the Company or LPT's 
Preliminary final report; and 
      
    the shorter of: 
c) the period of six weeks ending on, and including, the day following the 
expected date of release to the ASX of the Company or LPT's  Half-year 
report; or 
d) the period from the end of the Company's half-year financial period up to and 
including the day following the expected release to the ASX of the Company 
or LPT's  Half-year report; and 
 
any other period that is determined to be a blackout period by the Board. 
 
9. If the actual date of release to the ASX of the Company or LPT's Preliminary final 
report or Half year report, as the case may be, occurs before or after the expected date 
of release referred to in paragraph 8 above, the blackout period shall be extended or 
reduced, as the case may be, and shall cease at the end of the day following that actual 
date of release. 
 
10. Notification of the commencement and cessation of a blackout period will be sent by 
email by the Company Secretary (or their delegate) to all Directors and Employees. 
 
Excluded Trading 
 
11. The restrictions in this policy do not apply to the purchase of Centuria Securities as 
part of the Centuria Employee Deferred Share Plan or the Centuria Executive Incentive 
Plan. 
 
Procedures for Employees wishing to trade in Centuria Securities 
 
12. Employees must seek the consent of the Company Secretary or in his/her absence, 
that of the CEO, before dealing in Centuria Securities. 
 
13. Subsequent to any approved trading in Centuria Securities, Employees may be 
required to provide copies of trading confirmations to the Company Secretary. 
 
For personal use only

 
3
Procedures for Directors reporting on trading in Centuria Securities 
 
14. ASX Listing Rule 3.19A requires the Company or Responsible Entity to notify the 
ASX of any trading by Directors in Centuria Securities within 5 business days of any 
dealing taking place. Accordingly Directors must immediately report any trades in 
Centuria Securities to the Company Secretary once the trade has taken place by 
electronic means. The Director must then confirm that this electronic report was 
received by the Company Secretary. 
 
Exceptional circumstances 
 
15. The Company ant the Responsible Entity recognises that exceptional circumstances 
(such as severe financial hardship) occasionally occur during a blackout period. If a 
Director or Employee is in 
severe financial hardship or there are other exceptional circumstances such that the 
sale or disposal of the Centuria Securities is the most reasonable method available to 
alleviate the exceptional circumstances, the Director or Employee, in order to sell or 
dispose of their Centuria Securities during a blackout period must: 
 
a) write to the Company Secretary before the proposed sale or disposal of the 
Centuria Securities (electronic means is acceptable); 
b) explain the exceptional circumstances in detail and outline why the sale or 
disposal of Centuria Securities provides the most reasonable method of 
resolving the current exceptional circumstances being experienced by the 
Director or Employee; and 
c) confirm that the Director or Employee is not in possession of any inside 
information regarding the Company. 
 
16. The judgment as to whether exceptional circumstances exist is solely at the 
discretion of the Chairman of the Board or CEO. 
 
17. The Company Secretary will respond to the applicant advising whether the 
Chairman of the Board or CEO has: 
• declined to approve the trade; or 
• approved the trade (including outlining any conditions for the sale or disposal). 
 
Breach of Securities Trading Policy 
 
18. Any breach or suspected breach of this policy must be advised to the Company 
Secretary immediately. 
 
19. Any breach of this policy will be taken seriously and the Company or Responsible 
Entity will consider disciplinary action, which may include termination of employment. 
 
20. Insider trading is both illegal and unethical and contrary to the standards of the 
Company and Responsible Entity’s corporate governance framework. A breach of the 
law relating to insider trading is a civil offence and a criminal offence and may result in 
significant fines for the Company or the Responsible Entity and fines and imprisonment 
for the individuals involved. 
 
Contact  
 
Questions or comments regarding this policy should be directed to the Company 
Secretary 
 
Approved by the Board 28 October 2014 
For personal use only
