 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29 September 2021 
 
 
Company Announcements Office 
Australian Securities Exchange Limited 
Level 4, 20 Bridge Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
 
 
UPDATED TRADING POLICY  
 
In accordance with Listing Rule 12.10 please find attached an updated Trading Policy. 
 
For and on behalf of the Board 
 
 
 
Kim Massey 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
For further information, please contact: 
Mr Kim Massey 
Chief Executive Officer 
E: enquiries@capmet.com.au 
T: +61 8 9212 4600 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

TRADING POLICY 
1.
PURPOSE
The purpose of this policy is to:
(a)
explain the type of conduct that is prohibited under the Corporations Act in relation to
trading in securities of the Company;
(b)
explain how the Company restricts trading in the Company’s securities to prevent
breaches of insider trading laws; and
(c)
assist in maintaining market confidence in the integrity of dealings in the Company’s
securities.
Ultimately, the onus is on the individual to ensure that none of his or her dealings contravenes the 
insider trading laws. 
Note: Trading in securities in the Company is prohibited at any time a person possesses inside information, 
regardless of whether this policy allows trading at that particular time. 
2.
POLICY
Whenever a person has inside information which may affect the value of securities, they must
not:
(a)
deal in those securities; or
(b)
communicate the information to anyone else.
This rule applies regardless of how the inside information was obtained.  It applies not only to the 
Company’s securities but also to the securities of other companies. 
3.
WHO DOES THE POLICY APPLY TO?
This policy applies to all directors and employees of Capricorn Metals and its subsidiaries.  This
policy also applies to contractors of Capricorn Metals who are Restricted Persons.
Not only does this policy cover the Company’s Directors and employees but it applies equally to
any dealings by their:
(a)
spouses – marriage or de facto;
(b)
dependents under the age of eighteen (18) years old; and
(c)
related parties (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001) - for example if a Restricted
Person is a trustee of a trust and is also a beneficiary of the trust, the Restricted Person
must not purchase or procure the purchase of Capricorn securities on behalf of the
trust.
For personal use only

 
This Policy applies to the following securities: 
(a) 
Capricorn securities; 
(b) 
any other securities issued by Capricorn, such as Options; 
(c) 
derivatives and other financial products issued or created over or in respect of Capricorn 
securities; and 
(d) 
securities of any other company or entity that may be affected by inside information. 
4. 
WHAT IS INSIDER TRADING? 
4.1 
The law 
In broad terms, a person will be guilty of insider trading if that person possesses information which 
is not generally available to the market and, if it were generally available to the market, would be 
likely to have a material effect on the price or value of the Company’s securities (i.e., information 
that is ‘price sensitive’) and that person: 
(a) 
applies for, buys or sells securities in the Company (or enters into an agreement to do those 
things); or 
(b) 
procures someone else to apply for, buy or sell securities in the Company, or enter into an 
agreement to do those things; or 
(c) 
directly or indirectly communicates that information to a third party where that person 
knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the third party would be likely to buy or sell the 
securities or procure someone else to buy or sell the securities of the Company. 
This Policy is only a summary of complex legal provisions and should therefore only be used as a 
guideline, not as legal advice.  
4.2 
Penalties 
The penalties for the breach of the provisions of the Corporations Act may be either criminal, civil 
or both. Breach of insider trading law or this Policy will also be regarded by the Company as serious 
misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action and/or dismissal. 
4.3 
What is “information”? 
Information includes matters of supposition and matters relating to the intentions or likely 
intentions of a person.  
4.4 
When is information “inside” information? 
When it is not “generally available” and if it were, a reasonable person would expect it to have a 
material effect on the price or value of the securities. 
Information is generally available if it: 
(a) 
consists of readily observable matter; or 
(b) 
has been made known in a way that would commonly bring it to the attention of persons 
who invest in securities (for example, the ASX company announcements platform, the 
For personal use only

 
Company’s website) and since the time it was made known, a reasonable period has 
elapsed for it to be disseminated; 
(c) 
consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from (a) or (b) above. 
4.5 
Material effect 
The information has a material effect on the price or value of securities, if the information would, 
or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly acquire securities in deciding whether or 
not to buy or sell them. 
4.6 
Examples of inside information 
The following are examples of information which, if made available generally, may be likely to 
materially affect the price of the Company’s securities: 
(a) 
significant discoveries, exploration results or changes in reserve/resource estimates in 
relation to the Company’s mining tenements and projects; 
(b) 
a material change in the Company’s financial forecasts or financial position; 
(c) 
the granting or loss of a major contract; 
(d) 
the threat of major litigation against the Company; 
(e) 
the Company considering a major acquisition or disposal of assets; 
(f) 
a share issue proposal; 
(g) 
a change in accounting policy adopted by the Company; 
(h) 
an agreement or option to acquire an interest in a mining tenement, or to enter into a 
joint venture or farm-in or farm-out arrangement in relation to a mining tenement;  
(i) 
a management or business restructuring proposal; 
(j) 
a proposed dividend; or 
(k) 
an expansion or contraction of the Company’s operations. 
This list is not exhaustive and is provided by way of example only. 
4.7 
Available information 
Information relating to the Company that would fall outside the ambit of inside information is that 
which is available after it has been released to the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and the 
ASX has fully disseminated that information to the market. 
4.8 
Information however obtained 
It does not matter how or where the person obtains the information – it does not have to be 
obtained from the Company to constitute “inside” information. 
4.9 
Employee share schemes 
The prohibition does not apply to acquisitions of shares or options by employees made under 
employee share or option schemes.  The prohibition does not apply to the acquisition of shares as 
a result of the exercise of options or the vesting of performance rights under an employee share 
For personal use only

 
scheme.  However, the prohibition does apply to the sale of shares acquired under an employee 
share scheme and also to the sale of shares acquired following the exercise of an option or the 
vesting of a performance right granted under an employee share scheme. 
5. 
POLICY 
5.1 
General Rule 
All directors and employees of Capricorn Metals and contractors to Capricorn Metals who are 
designated as Restricted Persons and who are in possession of inside information are prohibited 
from trading in the Company’s securities or procuring another person to trade in the Company’s 
securities at any time. 
5.2 
Restricted Persons   
Restricted Persons means: 
(a) 
all directors and their spouses and related parties (as defined in the Corporations Act 
2001); 
(b) 
contractors notified by the Chief Executive Officer or Company Secretary in writing as 
being Restricted Persons; and 
(c) 
any person designated by the Chief Executive Officer as Key Management Personnel 
from time to time in accordance with this Policy. 
5.3 
Key Management Personnel 
Key Management Personnel means any person designated by the Chief Executive Officer as key 
management personnel from time to time and notified in writing by the Company Secretary.  Such 
persons may cease to be Key Management Personnel as the circumstances dictate, and they will 
also be notified when they cease to be Key Management Personnel by the Company Secretary. 
[For example: Key Management Personnel are likely to include those persons having authority and 
responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company either directly 
or indirectly, and those persons who are involved in key financial, corporate, technical or other 
activities of the Company as they occur from time to time]. 
5.4 
Closed periods 
All Restricted Persons are prohibited from buying or selling Company securities whilst in 
possession of inside information. 
In addition, Restricted Persons must not deal in the Company’s securities during “Closed Periods” 
unless permitted to so in accordance with this Policy including: 
(a) 
from four weeks prior to the release of the Company’s full year and half year financial 
results until the second business day after the financial results are released; 
(b) 
from the end of each quarter until the commencement of trading on the second 
business day after the Company’s Quarterly Report is released; 
(c) 
in the 30 day period prior to the release of a disclosure document offering securities in 
the Company. 
For personal use only

 
During these Closed Periods no trading in Capricorn securities may occur without the permission 
of the Chairman or Company Secretary. 
Key Management Personnel identified by the Chief Executive Officer will be notified in writing by 
the Company Secretary as being affected by the Closed Period. 
Key Management Personnel and Directors of the Company must seek approval from the Chairman 
or Company Secretary prior to any purchase or sale of securities in the Company. 
5.5 
Other prohibited trading periods 
The Company may at its discretion notify all Directors and employees that a restricted trading 
period is in effect and they must refrain from trading in the Company’s securities during this 
period. 
5.6 
No short-term trading in the Company securities 
Directors and employees should never engage in short-term trading of the Company’s securities 
except for the exercise of options where the shares will be sold shortly thereafter. 
5.7 
Securities in other companies 
Buying and selling securities of other companies with which the Company may be dealing is 
prohibited where an individual possesses information about that other company which is not 
generally available to the market and is ‘price sensitive’. 
5.8 
Exceptions from Trading Policy 
Directors and employees may: 
(a) 
acquire ordinary shares in the Company by conversion of securities giving a right of 
conversion to ordinary shares; 
(b) 
acquire Company securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of securities of the 
same class; 
(c) 
acquire or agree to acquire or exercise options under an employee share  plan;   
(d) 
acquire or agree to acquire or exercise performance rights under an employee share 
plan   
(e) 
undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer;  
(f) 
transfer securities of the Company already held into a superannuation fund or other 
saving scheme in which the restricted person is a beneficiary. 
5.9 
Trading allowed in exceptional circumstances 
In specific circumstances such as severe financial hardship or other exceptional circumstances, the 
Chairman may waive the trading restrictions in paragraphs 5.4 – 5.5 on the condition that the 
Restricted Person can demonstrate that they are not in possession of any price sensitive 
information that is generally not available to the public.  Other examples of “exceptional 
circumstances” include a transfer of shares required by family court order or other legal 
requirement. 
For personal use only

 
The Restricted Person must satisfy the Chairman that the circumstances are exceptional and that 
the proposed sale or disposal of the securities is the only reasonable course of action available to 
them and must submit a Trading Exemption Request form seeking authorisation of the trade to 
the Company Secretary.  Any such clearance will be provided in writing (including by email). 
However, if a director or employee of the Company is in possession of price sensitive information 
which is not generally available to the market, then he or she must not trade in the Company’s 
securities at any time. 
5.10 
Other obligations 
Restricted Persons also owe a duty of confidentiality to the Company.  Restricted Persons must 
not reveal any confidential information concerning the Company; use that information in any way 
that may cause loss to the Company or use that information to gain an advantage for themselves. 
Strict compliance with the Trading Policy is mandatory for all Restricted Persons covered by the 
Policy.  Breaches of the Policy may damage the reputation of the Company in the investment 
community and undermine confidence in the market for Capricorn securities.   
Breaches of the policy will be taken very seriously and will be subject to disciplinary action, 
including possible termination of employment.  Reports of any breaches of the Policy will be 
forwarded to the Audit and Risk Management Committee. 
A breach of the prohibitions contained in the Corporations Act is a criminal offence. 
5.11 
Trading Forms 
All directors and Key Management Personnel must complete a Trading Notification form and 
provide it to the Company Secretary within 2 days after that person buys or sells securities in the 
Company. 
The Trading Notification form must be completed in full, including details of the number of 
securities traded, the date the trading took place and whether the trading occurred inside a closed 
period. 
5.12 
ASX notifications for Directors 
The ASX Listing Rules require the Company to notify ASX within 5 business days after any dealing 
in securities of the Company (either personally or through an Associate) which results in a change 
in the relevant interests of a Director in the securities of the Company.  The Company has made 
arrangements with each Director to ensure that the director promptly discloses to the Company 
Secretary all the information required by ASX.  The notification must also specify whether the 
trading took place during a closed period, where prior written clearance was required, and if so, 
when that was provided. 
5.13 
Funding arrangements 
All Directors and Key Management Personnel are prohibited from entering into funding 
arrangements relating to their interests in the Company’s shares or options where the funding 
security would affect the equivalent of 3% or more of the Company’s listed shares. 
For personal use only

 
6. 
COMPLIANCE WITH THIS POLICY 
Strict compliance with the policy is a condition of employment.  Breaches of this policy will be 
subject to disciplinary action which may include termination of employment. 
7. 
QUERIES 
For any queries relating to this policy, please contact the Company Secretary.  
 
For personal use only
