Coles Group Limited  ABN 11 004 089 936 
800 Toorak Road Hawthorn East Victoria 3123 Australia 
PO Box 2000 Glen Iris Victoria 3146 Australia  
Telephone +61 3 9829 5111 
www.colesgroup.com.au 
 
 
 
 
19 June 2023 
 
 
 
REVISED SECURITIES DEALING POLICY 
 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, Coles Group Limited (Coles, ASX: COL) advises that 
it has amended its Securities Dealing Policy with effect from 15 June 2023. A copy of the revised 
policy is attached and is also available on the corporate governance section of the Coles 
website at www.colesgroup.com.au/corporategovernance.   
 
The release of this announcement was authorised by the Board. 
 
For more information: 
Investors 
Anita Healy 
Mobile: + 61 411 109 108 
Lisa Zimmet 
Mobile: +61 428 857 242 
E-mail: investor.relations@colesgroup.com.au 
 
Media 
Jace Armstrong  
Mobile: +61 431 960 249 
Therese Allaoui 
Mobile: +61 435 323 339 
E-mail: media.relations@coles.com.au 
 
 
For personal use only

1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
Securities 
Dealing 
Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
2 
Policy Overview  
Purpose 
To ensure compliance with the insider trading laws under the Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth) (Corporations Act), protect the reputation of Coles Group Limited (the Company), 
its directors and employees, maintain confidence in the trading of the Company’s 
securities, and prohibit specific types of transactions by certain officers of the Company 
and its subsidiaries (the Group) which are not in accordance with market expectations 
or may otherwise give rise to reputational risk. 
Policy application 
This Policy applies to all:  
• 
directors of the Company; and  
• 
employees, contractors and consultants who are engaged by the Group to 
provide professional services (collectively, team members).  
It also applies to certain family members and companies connected with the Group’s 
directors and team members. 
Key terms of the Policy 
All directors and team members of the Group (and their Connected Persons (defined 
below)) are prohibited from: 
(1) 
dealing in any securities where the person dealing in the securities has Inside 
Information in relation to those securities; and 
(2) 
passing on Inside Information to others who may deal in securities. 
The prohibition on dealing in securities while in possession of Inside Information also 
applies to the securities of other companies. 
Additional restrictions are imposed on directors, members of the Executive Leadership 
Team, other executives and certain other nominated team members of the Group, 
including requiring them to obtain prior written approval to deal in the Company’s 
securities. 
From time to time, additional restrictions on dealing in the Company’s securities may 
also be imposed on directors and team members within the Group due to their 
knowledge of a potential project or transaction. 
This Policy also addresses restrictions on short term dealing, hedging and margin lending 
transactions. 
Breaches 
All directors and team members of the Group must strictly comply with this Policy and 
the insider trading laws. Breach of the insider trading laws has serious consequences for 
the persons concerned as well as the Company. Breaches of this Policy or the insider 
trading laws will result in disciplinary action, which may include termination of 
employment. 
The requirements of this Policy are separate from, and in addition to, the legal 
prohibitions in the Corporations Act on insider trading.  
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
3 
1. 
Diagram illustrating the restrictions under this Policy  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. Who does the Policy apply to? 
This Policy applies to all directors and team members of the Group. 
Certain aspects of this Policy also apply to “Connected Persons” of team members and 
directors, meaning, for each team member and director: 
(a) 
a family member who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, the 
team member or director in his or her dealings with the Group or Company 
securities (this may include the team member’s or director’s spouse, partner and 
children, the children of the team member’s or director’s partner, or 
dependents of the team member or director or the team member’s or director’s 
partner); and 
(b) 
a company or any other entity which the team member or director has an ability 
to control or significantly influence. 
Team members and directors must take appropriate steps to ensure that their 
Connected Persons do not breach this Policy. 
 
3. What is the insider trading prohibition? 
3.1 No dealing while in possession of Inside Information 
(a) 
Team members, directors, and Connected Persons must not: 
(1) 
deal in Company securities if: 
(A) 
they are aware of Inside Information; or 
(B) 
the Company has notified the relevant team members or directors 
that they (or their Connected Persons) must not deal in securities 
Do you or your Connected Persons have Inside Information about any Coles securities? 
(Sections 3.1 and 3.2 of this Policy) 
No 
Yes 
Would the dealing pass the ‘front page test’? (Section 3.3 of this Policy) 
You cannot deal in 
Coles securities 
Yes 
No 
You are a Restricted Person or 
their Connected Person 
You are not a 
Restricted Person or 
their Connected 
Person
You cannot deal in 
Coles securities 
You can deal in 
Coles securities 
Is Coles in a blackout period? (Section 5.1 of the Policy) 
Yes 
No 
You cannot deal in Coles 
Securities unless exceptional 
circumstances exist and approval 
is obtained 
(Section 5.2 of the Policy) 
You can deal in Coles securities if: 
you receive prior written approval 
(Section 5.4 of the Policy) and the 
dealing is not otherwise 
prohibited (Sections 6.1, 6.2 and 
6.3 of the Policy) 
For personal use only

 
4 
(either for a specified period, or until the Company gives further 
notice), or 
(2) 
pass on Inside Information to others who may deal in the Company’s 
securities. 
For the purpose of this Policy: 
Inside Information is information that: 
• 
is not generally available to the market; and 
• 
if it were generally available to the market, a reasonable person would expect it 
to have a material effect (upwards or downwards) on the price or value of a 
security. 
 
Inside Information may include matters of supposition, matters that are not yet certain 
and matters relating to a person’s intentions. 
Dealing includes: 
• 
buying or otherwise applying for securities (including applying to participate in a 
company share plan), whether on or off market; 
• 
selling or otherwise disposing of securities, whether on or off market; 
• 
exercising options over securities; 
• 
creating a hedge, security interest, margin loan or other financial interest over or 
in relation to securities; 
• 
issuing, underwriting or varying the terms of securities; 
• 
transferring legal ownership of securities, even where beneficial ownership does 
not change; 
• 
any other transfer or creation of an interest in securities, whether directly, or by 
arranging for someone else to undertake the dealing on your behalf; and 
• 
agreeing or applying to do any of the above. 
Securities includes: 
• 
shares; 
• 
options; 
• 
notes, bonds and other debentures; 
• 
interests in managed investment schemes, trusts and other financial products; 
and 
• 
any derivatives of those securities, including equity swaps, futures, hedges and 
exchange-traded or over-the-counter options, whether settled by cash or 
otherwise. 
 
3.2 Examples of Inside Information 
The following list is illustrative only and is not exhaustive. Inside Information could include: 
• 
a possible acquisition or sale of any assets or business by the Group; 
• 
the financial performance of the Group against its budget or forecasts; 
• 
senior management or board changes; 
• 
a proposed dividend; 
• 
a possible change in the Company’s capital structure; or 
For personal use only

 
5 
• 
a possible claim against the Group or other unexpected liability. 
 
3.3 The Front Page Test – reputation considerations 
It is important that public confidence in the Group is maintained. It would be damaging 
to the Group’s reputation if the market or the general public perceived that directors 
and team members might be taking advantage of their position in the Group to make 
financial gains (by dealing in securities based on Inside Information). 
As a guiding principle, you should ask yourself: 
If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could the proposed dealing 
be perceived by the market as taking advantage of my position in an inappropriate 
way? How would it look if the transaction were reported on the front page of the 
newspaper? (The Front Page Test) 
If the director or team member is unsure, he or she should consult the Company 
Secretary. 
Where any approval is required for a dealing under this Policy, approval will not be 
granted where the dealing would not satisfy the Front Page Test. 
 
4. Who has additional trading restrictions under this Policy? 
4.1 Directors and certain team members – “Restricted Persons” 
Additional trading restrictions (set out in section 5 below) apply to: 
• 
directors of the Company, including the Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO); 
• 
members of the Executive Leadership Team; 
• 
other team members at the General Manager level and above (other 
executives); 
• 
other persons who regularly possess Inside Information and who have been 
advised by the Company Secretary that they are subject to special restrictions 
under this Policy (nominated team members), 
collectively defined as “Restricted Persons” in this Policy. 
 
4.2 Project-related restrictions 
From time to time, additional restrictions on dealing in Company securities may also be 
imposed on directors and team members within the Group due to their knowledge of 
a potential project or transaction (Project Restrictions). 
 
5. When can Restricted Persons deal in Company securities? 
5.1 No dealing in blackout periods  
Blackout periods are times when Restricted Persons and their Connected Persons must 
not deal in Company securities (unless permitted to do so under this Policy). 
Restricted Persons and their Connected Persons must not deal in Company securities 
during any of the following blackout periods: 
 
 
For personal use only

 
6 
 
Start 
End of Blackout Period 
Financial Results 
20 June 
One 
trading 
day 
following 
the 
announcement of the full-year results 
20 December 
One 
trading 
day 
following 
the 
announcement of the half-year results 
Other Reporting 
1 April 
One trading day following the release of 
quarterly retail sales results 
1 October 
One trading day following the release of 
quarterly retail sales results 
Ad hoc 
Specified by Board 
Any other period that the Board specifies from 
time to time 
 
5.2 Dealing during Blackout Periods in exceptional circumstances 
(a) 
If a Restricted Person or their Connected Person needs to deal in Company 
securities during a blackout period due to exceptional circumstances and is not 
in possession of any Inside Information, then, the Restricted Person may apply 
for approval to deal in Company securities in writing to the Chairman of the 
Board (or, in the case of the Chairman of the Board or his/her Connected 
Persons, the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee). 
(b) 
Exceptional circumstances are likely to include severe financial hardship or 
compulsion by court order. 
(c) 
Approval to deal will only be granted if the Restricted Person’s or their 
Connected Person’s application is accompanied by sufficient evidence (in the 
opinion of the person providing clearance) that the dealing is the most 
reasonable course of action available in the circumstances. The person 
providing clearance should consult with members of management where 
appropriate to determine if there is any reason (legal or reputational) why 
approval to deal should not be granted. 
(d) 
Where approval is obtained under this section 5.2, the Restricted Person will be 
notified in writing (which may include notification via email) and the duration of 
the approval will be two clear trading days. The person providing approval may 
withdraw the approval if new information comes to light or there is a change in 
circumstances. 
(e) 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this section 
5.2 must comply with the other sections of this Policy. 
 
5.3 Prior clearance required for dealings outside a blackout period 
During any period that is not a blackout period in section 5.1, a Restricted Person must 
complete the following steps if they, or their Connected Persons, wish to deal in 
Company securities and are not in possession of any Inside Information: 
(a) 
advise the Company Secretary of: 
(1) 
their intention to deal in Company securities; or 
For personal use only

 
7 
(2) 
the intention of one of their Connected Persons to deal in Company 
securities, 
including details of the type of dealing and the number of securities involved; 
(b) 
confirm to the Company Secretary that the person proposing to trade does not 
hold Inside Information, and the proposed dealing is not subject to any other 
restriction under this Policy; 
(c) 
await written approval from the Company Secretary or his/her delegate (which 
may be given by email); 
(d) 
following receipt of approval to deal, the approved dealing must occur within 
two clear trading days following approval under section 5.3(c); and 
(e) 
for the purpose of section 5.3(d), if the approval is given during or after trading 
on one day, the order for the dealing must be lodged or otherwise authorised 
before the close of trading on the second trading day after the approval is 
given. If the approval is given prior to the commencement of trading on a 
particular day, the order for the dealing must be lodged or otherwise authorised 
before the close of trading on the following trading day. 
 
5.4 Conditions of clearance 
(a) 
With respect to any clearance to deal in Company securities requested under 
section 5.3 above: 
(1) 
clearance can be given or refused at the discretion of the Company 
Secretary, without giving reasons; 
(2) 
clearance can be withdrawn by the relevant approver at any time prior 
to the order for dealing being lodged or otherwise authorised, if new 
information comes to light or there is a change in circumstances; 
(3) 
subject to section 5.4(a)(2), the decision of the relevant approver to 
provide clearance for a dealing is final and binding on the Restricted 
Persons seeking approval, whether on behalf of themselves or a 
Connected Person; and 
(4) 
if clearance to deal is refused, the Restricted Persons seeking the 
clearance must keep that information confidential and not disclose it to 
anyone (other than the Connected Persons where relevant, and the 
Restricted Persons must ensure that the information is kept confidential). 
(b) 
Before the Company Secretary grants clearance to deal in Company securities 
under section 5.4(a) above, the Company Secretary must confirm the 
clearance with: 
(1) 
at least two members of the Company’s Disclosure Committee, which is 
established under the Company’s Market Disclosure Policy; and 
(2) 
the Chairman of the Board, where the dealing involves a Company 
director or their Connected Persons, (or with the Chair of the Audit and 
Risk Committee where the Chairman of the Board or his/her Connected 
Persons are seeking to deal in the Company’s securities). 
(c) 
Even if approval has been obtained under this section 5.4, any Restricted Person 
who subsequently comes into possession of Inside Information prior to dealing 
must not deal in Company securities and must take all reasonable steps to 
ensure that their Connected Persons do not deal in Company securities. 
 
For personal use only

 
8 
5.5 Confirmation of trade required 
Following any dealing in Company securities, Restricted Persons must promptly notify 
the Company Secretary, ideally by close of business on the day of the trade, to assist 
the Company to comply with its disclosure obligations under the ASX Listing Rules. 
 
6. What other restrictions on dealing apply to Restricted 
Persons? 
6.1 No short term dealing 
Restricted Persons and their Connected Persons must not deal in Company securities 
on a short-term trading basis. Short-term trading includes buying and selling securities 
on market within a 3 month period, and entering into other short-term dealings (for 
example, forward contracts or short selling). 
This prohibition does not apply to disposals of Company securities within a short period 
of time after vesting or issuance of those securities under a share plan. 
 
6.2 Margin lending prohibited 
All directors, Restricted Persons and their Connected Persons are prohibited from 
obtaining a margin loan using the Company’s securities (either solely or as part of a 
portfolio) as security for the loan or entering into any secured financing arrangement in 
respect of the Company’s securities. For the avoidance of doubt, such dealings 
include: 
(a) 
entering into a margin lending arrangement in respect of Company securities; 
(b) 
transferring securities in the Company into an existing margin loan account; and 
(c) 
selling securities in the Company to satisfy a call pursuant to a margin loan. 
 
6.3 Hedging of Company securities prohibited 
Hedging includes entering into transactions in financial products that operate to limit 
the economic risk associated with holding Company securities. 
(a) 
All directors, members of the Executive Leadership Team and their Connected 
Persons are prohibited from hedging their exposure to Company securities. 
(b) 
Company securities acquired under a team member, executive or director 
equity plan operated by the Company must never be hedged prior to vesting. 
(c) 
Company securities that are subject to a holding lock or restriction on dealing 
under the terms of a team member, executive or director equity plan operated 
by the Company must never be hedged.  
(d) 
For Restricted Persons who are not directors, members of the Executive 
Leadership Team or their Connected Persons (Permitted Restricted Persons), 
hedging of Company securities is subject to the following rules: 
(1) 
any Permitted Restricted Person must not enter into, renew, alter or close 
out a hedge transaction when they are in possession of Inside 
Information; and 
For personal use only

 
9 
(2) 
Permitted Restricted Persons and their Connected Persons are permitted 
to hedge their vested and unrestricted Company securities provided 
that the hedge transaction is treated as a dealing in Company securities 
for the purposes of this Policy, and the relevant approvals and 
notifications required under section 5 are made on that basis. 
 
7. Are any dealings excluded from this Policy? 
Sections 5.1, 5.3 and 6.1 of this Policy do not apply to: 
(a) 
participation in a team member, executive or director equity plan operated by 
the Company. However, where securities in the Company granted under a 
team member, executive or director equity plan cease to be held under the 
terms of that plan, any dealings in those securities must only occur in 
accordance with this Policy; 
(b) 
a disposal of Company securities arising from the acceptance of a takeover 
offer, scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back; 
(c) 
an acquisition of Company securities under a pro rata issue; or 
(d) 
an acquisition of Company securities under a Company share purchase plan or 
dividend investment plan; 
(e) 
dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the 
securities (for example, transfers of Company securities already held into a 
superannuation fund or trust of which the team member, director or their 
Connected Person is a beneficiary); 
(f) 
trading under a pre-approved non-discretionary trading plan, where the team 
member, director or their Connected Person did not enter into the plan or 
amend the plan during a blackout period, the plan does not permit the team 
member, director or their Connected Person to exercise any influence or 
discretion in relation to trading under the plan and the plan cannot be 
cancelled during a blackout period, other than in exceptional circumstances; 
and 
(g) 
disposal of securities of the Company that is the result of a secured lender 
exercising their rights. 
However, such dealings remain subject to the insider trading rules in the Corporations 
Act and team members should still consider any legal or reputational issues (and discuss 
any concerns they have with the Company) before proceeding with the dealing. 
 
8. What restrictions apply to dealing in securities in other 
companies? 
The insider trading prohibition in the Corporations Act prohibits dealings not only in the 
Company’s securities but also in those of other listed companies. 
Team members, directors, and their Connected Persons must not deal with the 
securities in another company if they are aware of Inside Information in relation to that 
company and must not pass on such Inside Information to others who may deal in 
securities in that company. 
Team members, directors, or their Connected Persons may come into possession of 
Inside Information where they are directly involved in client relationship management 
or negotiating contracts. For example, where a person is aware that the Company or 
Group is about to sign a major agreement with another company, that person should 
not buy or sell securities in either the Company or the other company or pass on Inside 
For personal use only

 
10 
Information to others who may deal in securities in either the Company or the other 
company. 
If you are in any doubt, you should (a) not trade; (b) not pass the Inside Information to 
another person; and (c) consult with the Company Secretary. 
 
9. Training 
All team members and directors must complete required training upon the request of 
a Group member, with respect to this Policy and its application. 
 
10. What happens if this Policy is breached? 
Strict compliance with this Policy and the insider trading laws is a requirement under 
each employment contract within the Group. Breaches of the insider trading laws can 
expose the Company and individuals to penalties (including criminal penalties) and 
third party claims. Individuals may also be subject to heavy fines and imprisonment. 
Any person who is suspected of breaching this Policy may be suspended from 
attending the workplace on full pay pending the outcome of investigations into the 
alleged breach. 
Breaches of this Policy or the insider trading laws will result in disciplinary action, which 
may include termination of employment. 
The requirements of this Policy are separate from, and in addition to, the legal 
prohibitions in the Corporations Act on insider trading. 
 
11. Who should I contact? 
It is essential that all team members and directors of the Group read, understand and 
comply with this Policy. Team members and directors should contact the Company 
Secretary if: 
• 
they are unsure about whether it is acceptable to deal or communicate with 
others in relation to the Company’s securities or other securities; or 
• 
they have any other queries about this Policy. 
 
12. Policy amendment 
This Policy cannot be amended without approval from the Board. 
 
 
Adopted by the Board 15 June 2023. 
 
For personal use only
