MARKET ANNOUNCEMENT 
Computershare Limited
ABN 71 005 485 825
Yarra Falls, 452 Johnston Street Abbotsford
Victoria 3067 Australia
PO Box 103 Abbotsford
Victoria 3067 Australia
Telephone 61 3 9415 5000
Facsimile 61 3 9473 2500
www.computershare.com
MARKET ANNOUNCEMENT 
Date: 
17 June 2015 
To: 
Australian Securities Exchange 
Subject: 
Share Trading Policy 
In accordance with Listing Rule 12.10, Computershare Limited attaches its updated Share Trading 
Policy. 
For further information contact:  
Mr Dominic Horsley  
Company Secretary  
Ph +61-3-9415-5162 
dominic.horsley@computershare.com.au 
About Computershare Limited (CPU) 
Computershare (ASX: CPU) is a global market leader in transfer agency and share registration, employee 
equity plans, proxy solicitation and stakeholder communications. We also specialise in corporate trust, 
mortgage, bankruptcy, class action and utility administration, and a range of other diversified financial and 
governance services.  
Founded in 1978, Computershare is renowned for its expertise in high integrity data management, high 
volume transaction processing and reconciliations, payments and stakeholder engagement. Many of the 
world’s leading organisations use us to streamline and maximise the value of relationships with their 
investors, employees, creditors and customers.  
Computershare is represented in all major financial markets and has over 15,000 employees worldwide. 
For more information, visit www.computershare.com 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Computershare Limited 
Securities Trading Policy 
For personal use only

Computershare Limited Securities Trading Policy 
1 
Computershare Limited 
Securities Trading Policy 
A. 
INTRODUCTION 
Generally speaking, the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) prohibits a person who has ‘inside 
information’ about an entity, that is not generally available to the market, from trading 
in the securities of that entity either personally or through another person (including a 
family member, friend, associate, broker, investment adviser, private company or trust). 
The purpose of this Policy is to set out restrictions with respect to trading in securities  
on all directors, officers and employees of, and certain contractors to, Computershare 
Limited and its related bodies corporate (whether registered in Australia or otherwise) 
who possess ‘inside information’, and to impose additional trading restrictions on certain 
key management personnel. 
In doing so, this Policy seeks to ensure that the directors, officers and employees of the 
Computershare group of companies do not trade in securities in breach of Australia’s 
insider trading laws or in such a manner as to create a suspicion of insider trading. 
Foreign insider trading laws may also apply to Computershare directors, officers and 
employees residing outside Australia. This Policy does not deal with foreign law. 
B. 
DEFINITIONS 
In this Policy, unless the context requires otherwise, the following terms have the 
meaning set out below. 
ASX means the Australian Securities Exchange. 
CEO means the Chief Executive Officer of Computershare. 
Computershare means Computershare Limited (ACN 005 485 825). 
Computershare Group means Computershare and its related bodies corporate. 
Computershare Person means any director, officer or employee of, or Contractor to, 
Computershare or a member of the Computershare Group. 
Connected Person means, in relation to a Designated Person: 
(a) 
the Designated Person’s partner and dependants of the Designated Person or 
their partner; 
(b) 
a company or other entity of which the Designated Person is a director; 
(c) 
a trustee where the beneficiaries of the trust include the Designated Person; 
and 
(d) 
any other entity which the Designated Person has an ability to control. 
Contractor means an individual, company or other legal entity that carries out work or 
performs services under a contract of service for a member of the Computershare Group 
whose terms of engagement apply this Policy to them. 
Corporations Act means Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Deal means, in relation to Securities: 
(a) 
the application for, or acquisition or disposal of, the Securities (including a 
disposal resulting from a secured lender exercising their rights under a margin 
lending arrangement); 
(b) 
the grant, acceptance, acquisition, disposal, exercise or discharge of an option 
to acquire or dispose of the Securities; 
(c) 
the entry into a Derivative in relation to the Securities; 
(d) 
the entry into an agreement to do any of the above, 
and Dealing has a corresponding meaning. 
For personal use only

 
Computershare Limited Securities Trading Policy 
2 
 
Dealing Window means: 
 
(a) 
the four week period from: 
 
1. 10.00am (Australian Eastern Standard Time) on the ASX trading day after 
the date on which Computershare’s half-year financial results are released 
to the ASX; 
 
2. 10.00am (Australian Eastern Standard Time) on the ASX trading day after 
the date on which Computershare’s full-year financial results are released to 
the ASX; and 
 
3. 10.00am (Australian Eastern Standard Time) on the ASX trading day after 
the date on which Computershare’s annual general meeting is held; and 
 
(b) 
the period during which Computershare has a current prospectus or other form 
of disclosure document on issue under which persons may subscribe for 
Securities. 
 
Derivatives has the meaning given in section 761D of the Corporations Act and 
includes options, forward contracts, futures, warrants, swaps, caps and collars. 
 
Designated Person means each person set out in Schedule 1 and any other person 
not listed in Schedule 1 who is a key management personnel of the Computershare 
Group (within the meaning of Australian accounting standard AASB 124 Related Party 
Disclosures and as identified in Computershare’s annual report from time to time). 
 
Director means a director of Computershare. 
 
Inside Information has the meaning set out in Section C.4. 
 
Nominated Director means the Director that has been designated responsibility for 
responding to a request for clearance to Deal, or a notice of intention to Deal, from a 
Designated Person, as set out in the table in Section D.4. 
 
Prohibited Period means the period from: 
 
(a) 
12.01am (Australian Eastern Standard Time) on 15 December to 10.00am on 
the ASX trading day after the date on which Computershare’s half-year 
financial results are released to the ASX; and 
 
(b) 
12.01am (Australian Eastern Standard Time) on 15 June to 10.00am on the 
ASX trading day after the date on which Computershare’s full-year financial 
results are released to the ASX, 
 
and any other period that may be designated as a prohibited period by the Board from 
time to time and notified to each Designated Person. 
 
Securities includes shares of any class, options, rights, debentures, interests in a 
managed investment scheme, Derivatives and any other financial products that are able 
to be traded on a financial market, including superannuation products. 
 
C. 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE LAW BY ALL COMPUTERSHARE PEOPLE 
 
C.1 
Insider Trading Prohibition 
 
Each director, officer and employee of, and Contractor to, the Computershare Group 
(each referred to in this Policy as a Computershare Person) must comply with the law 
prohibiting insider trading. 
 
An explanation of the insider trading prohibition is set out below. However, the 
following is a brief overview of complex legislative provisions and is intended as a 
general guide only and not legal advice. If you do have any questions in relation to this 
Policy, please contact the Company Secretary. 
 
In short, subject to certain exceptions, a Computershare Person who possesses Inside 
Information in relation to an entity’s Securities must not: 
 
• 
apply for, acquire or dispose of those Securities, or agree to do so; 
 
• 
procure, incite, induce or encourage another person to apply for, acquire or 
dispose of those Securities, or agree to do so; or 
 
For personal use only

 
Computershare Limited Securities Trading Policy 
3 
 
• 
if the Securities are listed on the ASX (or another financial market), directly or 
indirectly communicate the Inside Information, or cause the information to be 
communicated, to another person if the Computershare Person knows, or ought 
reasonably to know, that the other person would, or would be likely to apply for, 
acquire or dispose of those Securities, or agree to do so, or procure another 
person to do any of those things. 
 
This prohibition applies to acts undertaken by a Computershare Person on their own 
behalf or on behalf of another person, and extends to acts undertaken on behalf of a 
Computershare Person. For example, if an entity controlled by, or an immediate family 
member of, a Computershare Person acquires Securities for the Computershare Person 
while the Computershare Person holds Inside Information in relation to those Securities, 
then the Computershare Person may have contravened the insider trading laws. 
 
It is the personal responsibility of each Computershare Person to ensure that they 
comply with the insider trading laws. For corporate governance purposes, this Policy 
imposes obligations beyond those imposed by the law on each Designated Person with 
respect to Dealing in Computershare Securities, as described in more detail in Section D 
below. 
 
C.2 
Dealing in Other Companies’ Securities 
 
Inside Information is not limited to the Computershare Group. In the course of 
performing their role, a Computershare Person may become aware of Inside Information 
regarding entities other than the Computershare Group. For the avoidance of doubt, a 
Computershare Person must not trade in the Securities of any other entity in respect of 
which they have Inside Information.  For example, a Relationship Manager who becomes 
aware of an impending takeover offer to be made by one company for another company 
must not trade in the Securities of either company. 
 
C.3 
Obligation of Confidentiality 
 
In addition to the obligation at law not to communicate Inside Information to another 
person, directors, officers and employees of the Computershare Group have a duty of 
confidentiality to the Computershare Group in relation to any confidential information of 
which they become aware in the performance of their duties. Where it is necessary to 
provide confidential information regarding the Computershare Group or its business 
generally to a third party, then it is important to ensure that the third party is bound by 
a confidentiality agreement (or other such confidentiality obligations) with respect to 
their use of that information. 
 
C.4 
Meaning of Inside Information 
 
Inside Information is information about an entity that is not generally available and, if it 
were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect 
on the price or value of the entity’s Securities. 
 
Inside Information may include matters of supposition, matters that are insufficiently 
definite to warrant being made known to the public and matters relating to the 
intentions, or likely intentions, of a person. 
 
Meaning of Generally Available 
 
Information is generally available if: 
 
• 
it consists of readily observable matter; 
 
• 
it has been made known in a manner that is likely to bring the information to 
the attention of people who commonly invest in Securities of a kind whose price 
might be affected by the information and, since it was made known, a 
reasonable period for it to be disseminated among such people has passed (for 
example, where information has been released to the ASX and at least 24 hours 
has elapsed since its release); or 
 
• 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from 
information referred to above.
 
For personal use only

 
Computershare Limited Securities Trading Policy 
4 
 
Meaning of Material Effect 
 
Material effect, in relation to Inside Information, is where the information would, or 
would be likely to, influence persons who commonly acquire Securities in deciding 
whether or not to acquire or dispose of the Securities. 
 
Examples of the type of information that may have a material effect on the price or 
value of Computershare’s Securities when it becomes generally available includes 
information relating to Computershare’s financial performance, a major acquisition or 
disposal of assets, a significant change in operations, industry or structure, new 
contracts or customers, an actual or proposed takeover or merger and a material claim 
or other unexpected liability. 
 
C.5 
Consequences of breach of insider trading prohibition or this Policy 
 
A breach of the insider trading laws can have serious consequences for Computershare 
and the individual involved, including civil and criminal liability. 
 
Penalties under the Corporations Act for a breach of the insider trading prohibition 
include: 
 
• 
for an individual, a criminal penalty of an amount up to $220,000 or 
imprisonment for five years or both; 
 
• 
for a body corporate, a criminal penalty of an amount up to $1,100,000; and 
 
• 
unlimited civil liability. 
 
A person who contravenes or is involved in the contravention of these provisions may 
also be liable to compensate any person who suffers loss or damage resulting from the 
conduct. 
 
An actual or suspected breach of the insider trading laws may also give rise to adverse 
public scrutiny and media comment. 
 
In addition, Computershare will treat a breach of this Policy as serious misconduct, 
which may lead to disciplinary action, including termination of employment. Any breach 
of this Policy must be reported immediately to the Company Secretary, who will in turn 
report the breach to the Board. 
 
 
D. 
ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ALL DESIGNATED PERSONS 
 
A perception of insider trading in Computershare Securities could undermine the 
integrity of the market for those Securities and adversely affect the reputation of those 
involved and those associated with them, including Computershare. Accordingly, in 
addition to complying with the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act, as 
described in Section C, it is Computershare’s policy that a Designated Person must also 
comply with the requirements set out in this Section D, unless one of the exemptions in 
Section E or Section F applies. 
 
 
D.1 
Prohibited Periods 
 
A Designated Person must not Deal in Computershare Securities during a Prohibited 
Period. 
Exemption for exceptional circumstances 
 
Notwithstanding the above restriction, a Designated Person may apply for, and be 
granted, clearance to sell or otherwise dispose of (but not purchase) Computershare 
Securities during a Prohibited Period where they: 
 
• 
are in severe financial hardship or other exceptional circumstances apply; 
 
• 
are not in possession of Inside Information; and 
 
• 
follow the procedure set out in Section D.4 for obtaining clearance. 
 
Severe financial hardship might exist where the Designated Person has a pressing 
financial commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling the relevant 
Computershare Securities. A tax liability would not usually constitute exceptional 
 
For personal use only

 
Computershare Limited Securities Trading Policy 
5 
circumstances, unless the Designated Person has no other means by which to satisfy 
the liability. 
 
Other exceptional circumstances that may apply include certain passive trades, for 
example, where the Designated Person is compelled by court order, or otherwise by an 
overriding legal or regulatory requirement, to sell or otherwise dispose of the relevant 
Computershare Securities. 
 
The decision as to whether exceptional circumstances exist and, as such, whether 
clearance should be granted is to be made in the sole discretion of the Nominated 
Director, who must be satisfied that the proposed sale or disposal of the relevant 
Securities is the only reasonable course of action. 
 
D.2 
Dealing Windows 
 
A Designated Person may Deal in Computershare Securities during a Dealing Window 
subject only to the prohibition on Dealing whilst in possession of Inside Information. 
 
A Director (other than the CEO) intending to Deal in Computershare Securities during 
a Dealing Window must give prior notice of the proposed Dealing to the CEO (or in his 
or her absence the Company Secretary). 
 
Subject to Section D.5 of this Policy, if a Designated Person intends to Deal in a 
Derivative over Computershare Securities during a Dealing Window then the 
Designated Person must obtain clearance to Deal in accordance with the procedure 
set out in Section D.4. 
 
D.3 
Dealing outside Dealing Windows and Prohibited Periods 
 
A Designated Person must not Deal in Computershare Securities at a time which is 
outside the Dealing Windows and Prohibited Periods prescribed in this Policy without 
first obtaining clearance to Deal in accordance with the procedure set out in Section 
D.4. 
 
D.4 
Procedure for obtaining clearance to Deal 
 
Where this Policy requires a Designated Person to obtain clearance to Deal in 
Computershare Securities, the Designated Person must make a written request to the 
applicable Nominated Director (by email or otherwise). 
 
A request for clearance to Deal in Computershare Securities must contain: 
 
• 
the nature of the proposed Dealing (for example, the sale of 500 ordinary 
shares in Computershare); 
 
• 
a statement that the Designated Person is not in possession of Inside 
Information; and 
 
• 
where a clearance is sought under Section D.1 (due to exceptional 
circumstances), the circumstances of the proposed Deal and the reason the 
clearance is requested. 
 
A response to a request for clearance to Deal must be given to a Designated Person in 
writing (by email or otherwise) within two business days of the receipt of the request. A 
Designated Person who receives clearance to Deal from the Nominated Director in 
accordance with this procedure must Deal as soon as possible after receiving the 
Nominated Director’s response (subject to the prohibition on Dealing whilst in 
possession of Inside Information). 
 
If clearance to Deal is granted that clearance is not an approval of the proposed 
Dealing. Each Designated Person remains personally responsible for any decision to 
Deal and for their compliance with the insider trading laws and this Policy. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Computershare Limited Securities Trading Policy 
6 
Nominated Directors 
 
 
DEALING BY: 
CLEARANCE GIVEN BY: 
Chairman of the Board 
Chairman of the Risk and Audit Committee 
Director 
Chairman of the Board 
CEO  
Chairman of the Board 
Other Designated Person 
CEO  
 
D.5 
Hedging 
 
A Designated Person must not enter into any arrangement or agreement (including any 
Derivative) under which the Designated Person may limit the economic risk related to an 
unvested incentive award or grant of Computershare Securities (or a vested incentive 
award or grant of such Securities that are still subject to disposal restrictions) made by 
Computershare to the Designated Person, irrespective of the outcome under that 
incentive award or grant. 
 
However, once any applicable Computershare Securities have vested, such that any 
Computershare imposed time and performance hurdles have been satisfied (and any 
disposal restrictions on vested Securities have been lifted), Derivatives may be used in 
relation to those Securities, in which case the use of those Derivatives must comply with 
the insider trading laws and this Policy. 
 
D.6 
Dealings by Connected Persons 
 
Each Designated Person must take reasonable steps to ensure that their Connected 
Persons are made aware of this Policy and its application to the Designated Person, and 
advise their Connected Persons: 
 
• 
of the Prohibited Periods; 
 
• 
to observe the clearance procedures in this Policy by giving the Designated 
Person the information necessary for them to lodge the relevant information in 
respect of the Connected Person’s Dealings; and 
 
• 
to notify them immediately after any Dealing in Computershare’s Securities has 
been transacted. 
 
D.7 
Designated Person acting as a trustee 
 
Where a Designated Person is a sole trustee, other than a bare trustee, this Policy will 
apply as if they were Dealing on their own account. 
 
Where a Designated Person is a co-trustee, other than a bare trustee, they must advise 
their co-trustees that they are a Designated Person of Computershare. A Dealing in 
Securities undertaken by that trust will not be considered a Dealing by the Designated 
Person for the purpose of this Policy (and as such will be exempt from the additional 
requirements imposed on the Designated Person in Section D of this Policy) where: 
 
• 
the Designated Person is not a beneficiary of the trust; and 
 
• 
the decision to Deal is taken by the other trustees acting independently of the 
Designated Person, or by an investment manager on behalf of, but without 
reference to, the trustees. 
 
The other trustees will be assumed to have acted independently of the Designated 
Person for this purpose where they have: 
 
• 
taken the decision to Deal by a majority without any involvement from the 
Designated Person concerned; or 
 
• 
delegated the decision making to a committee of which the Designated Person 
is not a member. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Computershare Limited Securities Trading Policy 
7 
 
D.8 
Dealing confirmation by Directors 
 
A written advice (by email or otherwise) of any Deal in Computershare Securities by a 
Director must be provided to the Company Secretary as soon as possible after the 
Dealing is transacted and, in any event, within two business days after the Dealing is 
transacted. 
 
The advice must include the number of Securities transacted and the date the Deal 
occurred. 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 3.19A, the Company Secretary will lodge with the 
ASX the necessary notification of the change in the Director’s interest in Computershare 
Securities within five business days after the Dealing is transacted. This notification will 
also disclose whether the Director was granted clearance to Deal during a Prohibited 
Period pursuant to the procedure set out in this Policy. 
 
D.9 
Short-term trades 
 
Each director, officer and employee of the Computershare Group is encouraged to be a 
long-term holder of Computershare Securities. 
 
In addition, a Designated Person must obtain clearance to Deal in accordance with the 
procedure set out in Section D.4 if they intend to buy and sell Computershare Securities 
within the same Dealing Window. 
 
Clearance is not required if the Dealing relates to the vesting or exercise of options over, 
or rights to, Computershare Securities under an employee equity incentive plan and the 
subsequent sale of some or all of the underlying Computershare Securities within the 
same Dealing Window. 
 
D.10 Short selling 
 
A Designated Person must not enter into an arrangement to short sell Computershare 
Securities at any time. 
 
D.11 Secured lending arrangements 
 
A Designated Person must inform the relevant Nominated Director immediately if all of 
the following circumstances apply: 
• 
the Designated Person holds Computershare Securities that have been provided as 
security in relation to a lending arrangement;  
• 
circumstances have arisen in which the secured lender demands payment under the 
lending arrangement; and 
• 
there is a risk that the demand will not be able to be satisfied without the disposal of 
Computershare Securities. 
 
E. 
EMPLOYEE EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS 
 
It is the responsibility of each Designated Person to ensure that any Dealing undertaken 
in connection with their involvement in a Computershare employee equity incentive plan 
complies with the insider trading laws. In addition, it is Computershare’s policy that any 
such Dealing by a Designated Person (including the entry into and the variation or 
cancellation of their involvement in such a plan) must not occur during a Prohibited 
Period. 
 
Application for performance options and performance rights 
 
An exception to the insider trading laws means that, even if a Designated Person is in 
possession of Inside Information, they may apply for (and be issued) performance 
options and performance rights in respect of ordinary shares in Computershare, for 
example, under Computershare’s Deferred Long Term Incentive Plan. Nonetheless, it is 
the policy of Computershare that performance options and performance rights will not 
be offered or granted during a Prohibited Period. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Computershare Limited Securities Trading Policy 
8 
 
 
No clearance under Section D required in certain circumstances 
 
Where a Designated Person applies or subscribes for, is granted or acquires Securities 
(except Securities acquired on the exercise of Securities, eg ordinary shares in 
Computershare acquired on the exercise of performance options or performance rights) 
under an employee equity incentive plan at a time that falls outside a Prohibited Period, 
the Designated Person is not required to seek clearance of those Dealings under Section 
D. The clearance procedures set out in Section D do apply to any exercise of 
performance options or performance rights granted under an employee equity incentive 
plans and to any subsequent Dealing in respect of the resulting Securities obtained 
under the applicable plan. 
 
In addition, in certain jurisdictions where a Computershare company is required to 
withhold tax on the vesting of Securities awarded under an employee incentive scheme 
the clearance procedures set out in Section D do not apply to a sale of Securities to 
cover the tax obligation if: 
 
• 
the Designated Person is not required to make an election to approve the sale; and 
 
• 
only that number of Securities is sold that is required to meet the tax obligation. 
 
Dealing during a Prohibited Period in certain circumstances 
 
During a Prohibited Period, a Designated Person (or a trustee on behalf of the 
Designated Person) may acquire Computershare Securities under a non-discretionary 
trading plan (“Trading Plan”) which has been established under, or in relation to, an 
employee equity incentive plan, provided that: 
 
• 
the Designated Person did not enter into, or amend their involvement in, that 
Trading Plan during a Prohibited Period (or whilst the Designated Person was in 
possession of Inside Information); and 
 
• 
the Trading Plan does not permit the Designated Person to exercise any influence or 
discretion over how, when or whether to Deal. 
 
It is Computershare’s policy that Trading Plan’s must not be cancelled during a 
Prohibited Period other than in exceptional circumstances as reasonably determined by 
the Board. 
 
Exercise of performance options and performance rights and sale of any Securities 
acquired 
 
A Nominated Director may grant clearance in accordance with Section D for a 
Designated Person to exercise an option or right, or convert a convertible security, 
granted under an employee equity incentive plan, and to sell the Securities acquired by 
virtue of that exercise or conversion, including sufficient Securities to fund the cost of 
the exercise or conversion and / or any resultant tax liability where: 
 
• 
the exercise or conversion, and subsequent sale, falls outside a Prohibited 
Period; and 
 
• 
the Designated Person has made an irrevocable binding election (in writing) to 
do so at a time that was outside the Prohibited Periods prescribed by this Policy 
and while the Designated Person was not in possession of Inside Information. 
 
F. 
EXEMPT DEALINGS 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, and notwithstanding the definition of Dealing in Section B, 
the additional requirements imposed on a Designated Person in Section D do not apply 
to: 
 
• 
transfers of Computershare Securities held in a superannuation fund or other 
saving scheme in which the Designated Person is a beneficiary; 
 
• 
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a 
scheme only investing in Computershare Securities) where the assets of the 
fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Computershare Limited Securities Trading Policy 
9 
•
undertakings, elections or trading under an offer or an invitation which has been
made to all or most shareholders, including a rights issue, a security purchase
plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an equal access buy-back
where the document that determines the timing and structure of the offer has
been approved by the Board;
•
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer that has been
publicly made for Computershare;
•
an involuntary disposal of Computershare Securities that results from a lender
exercising its rights under a secured lending arrangement provided that the
Designated Person had, before the disposal, informed the Nominated Director
of the risk of the disposal in accordance with Section D.11 of this Policy;
•
a Dealing by a Designated Person where there is a transfer of Computershare
Securities into a charitable foundation and the Designated Person retains a
relevant interest in the Computershare Securities; and
•
a Dealing by a Designated Person with an associated person whose interest in
the Securities is to be treated by virtue of the Corporations Act as the
Designated Person’s interest such that there is no change in the beneficial
interest in the Computershare Securities.
However, one or more of these Dealings may nonetheless be prohibited due to the 
operation of the insider trading laws. It remains the sole responsibility of each 
Designated Person to comply with those laws while in possession of Inside Information. 
G. 
POLICY CURRENCY 
This Policy can only be amended with the approval of the Board. 
This version of the Policy was approved by the Board on 11 June 2015. 
For personal use only

Computershare Limited Securities Trading Policy 
10
 
SCHEDULE 1 
DESIGNATED PERSONS 
•
Each Director, including the Chief Executive Officer, of Computershare Limited
•
Company Secretary(s) of Computershare Limited
•
Chief Financial Officer of Computershare Limited
•
Chief Information Officer of Computershare Limited
•
Group Treasurer
•
Group Investor Relations Manager
•
Group Financial Controller
•
Group Business Controller
•
Group Taxation Director
•
President, Global Capital Markets
•
Group Head of Audit
•
Group Information Security and Risk Officer
•
Regional CEO – United States of America
•
Regional CEO – Canada
•
Regional CEO – Australia and New Zealand
•
Regional CEO – Asia
•
Regional CEO – UCIA
•
Regional CEO – Continental Europe
•
Regional Chief Financial Officer – United States of America
•
Regional Chief Financial Officer – Canada
•
Regional Chief Financial Officer – Australia and New Zealand
•
Regional Chief Financial Officer - Asia
•
Regional Chief Financial Officer – UCIA and Continental Europe
•
Group Head of Communications
•
Other persons nominated by the Group CEO or Group CFO from time to time.
For personal use only
