 
CQR 
Charter Hall Retail Management Limited 
ABN 46 069 709 468
AFS Licence No. 246996
Responsible entity of 
Charter Hall Retail REIT 
 
Level 11, 333 George Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
GPO Box 2704 
Sydney NSW 2001 
Direct +61 2 8908 4000 
Australia 1300 365 585
International +61 2 8908 4036
Registry 1300 303 063  
Fax +61 2 8908 4040
charterhall.com.au/cqr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21 December 2010 
 
Luxmy Wigneswaran 
Advisor, Issuers (Sydney) 
ASX Limited 
Exchange Centre 
20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY NSW 2000 
 
 
Dear Ms Wigneswaran 
 
 
Security Trading Policy 
 
 
In accordance with the new Listing Rule 12.9, please find attached a copy of Charter Hall Retail REIT’s 
(ASX: CQR) Security Trading Policy. 
 
Please do not hesitate to contact the undersigned if you require further information. 
 
 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
 
 
Douglas Hunt 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Charter Hall Group 
Charter Hall Retail REIT 
Securities Trading Policy for Directors and Employees 
 
For personal use only

 
 
Charter Hall Group | CQR Securities Trading Policy 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents 
1 
Definitions ...............................................................................................................3 
2 
Reasons for the policy ............................................................................................4 
3 
Prohibitions .............................................................................................................4 
4 
Permitted dealings ..................................................................................................5 
5 
Pre-notification, reporting and conduct of dealings ................................................6 
6 
Takeovers and schemes of arrangements .............................................................7 
7 
Breaches.................................................................................................................7 
8 
Distribution of the policy..........................................................................................8 
9 
Review of policy......................................................................................................8 
10 
Further information .................................................................................................8 
 
For personal use only

 
 
Charter Hall Group | CQR Securities Trading Policy 
 
3 
1. 
Definitions 
This Securities Trading Policy (the Policy) relates to trading in Securities issued by Charter 
Hall Retail REIT by Directors and Employees of its responsible entity and of its related bodies 
corporate.  
In this Policy:  
 
Chairman means the chairman of Charter Hall Retail Management Limited (CHRML) 
or in his/her absence, their nominee;  
 
Charter Hall means:  
– 
Charter Hall Limited and the Charter Hall Property Trust (CHPT), jointly listed on 
the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) as a stapled entity, and  
– 
Any of their subsidiaries (whether ownership is held directly or indirectly).  
 
CHRML means Charter Hall Retail Management Limited (ABN46 069 709 468);  
 
CQR means Charter Hall Retail REIT (ARSN 093 143 965);  
 
Company Secretary means the Company Secretary of CHRML or in his/her 
absence, the Company Secretary of Charter Hall;  
 
Dealing includes:  
a. buying and selling; or  
b. agreeing to buy or sell; or  
c. procuring another person to buy or sell; or  
d. communicating (directly or indirectly) information that, if it were generally known, 
would be likely to cause another person to buy or sell.  
 
Directors mean directors of CHRML and Director means any one of them.  
 
Employee means an employee of Charter Hall, and contractors required to comply 
with Charter Hall’s policies and procedures (e.g. long term temporary staff).  
 
Inside Information means information that is not generally available to the market 
that, if it were available, it would be reasonable to expect to have a material effect on 
the price of Securities. It is information affecting the company’s financial position, 
strategy or operations and it includes (but is not limited to) sales figures; profit 
forecasts; capital expenditure; borrowings; liquidity and cashflow; significant changes 
in operations; management restructuring; impending mergers and acquisitions, 
reconstructions or takeovers; major asset purchases or sales; new products and 
technology, etc. In contrast, information is generally available where the information is 
made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, bring it to the attention of 
people who commonly invest in Charter Hall Securities or financial products similar to 
those offered by Charter Hall.  
 
Securities includes securities, debt securities and other financial instruments, issued 
by CQR or any interest created over Securities by third parties, structured financial 
products, swaps, future contracts, contracts for differences, options, warrants, 
depositary receipts or other derivates over or related to the performance of Securities. 
 
For personal use only

 
 
Charter Hall Group | CQR Securities Trading Policy 
 
4 
2. 
Reasons for the policy 
Directors and Employees are encouraged to be long term holders of Securities. However, it is 
important that they conduct their personal investment activity in a manner that is lawful and 
avoids conflict of interest between the Directors or Employees personal interest and those of 
CQR and/or Charter Hall. 
The Policy is specifically designed to raise awareness and minimise any potential for breach 
of the prohibitions on insider trading contained in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth.) (the Act) 
and to provide guidance to Directors and Employees when Dealing in Securities, so as to 
minimise the chance that Directors and Employees Dealings in Securities may be 
misinterpreted as Dealing while in possession of Inside Information. 
3. 
Prohibitions 
3.1 
Insider trading prohibition 
Consistent with the law, all Directors and Employees of Charter Hall are prohibited in all 
circumstances from Dealing in Securities at any time if they are in possession of Inside 
Information regarding CQR whether or not there is a Trading Blackout (refer to Section 4). 
In particular, this prohibition means that, if in possession of Inside Information, Directors and 
Employees must not: 
a. 
buy or sell Securities; 
b. 
procure someone else to buy or sell Securities, which includes inducing or 
encouraging those third parties to Deal; and  
c. 
pass on Inside Information to a third party where that person knows, or ought to 
reasonably know, that the third party would be likely to buy or sell or procure 
someone else to buy or sell Securities.  
Broadly speaking, breaching any of these prohibitions may constitute insider trading.  
The prohibition extends to Dealings by Directors and Employees where they use nominees, 
agents, family members, companies or trust, i.e. a Director or Employee of Charter Hall 
can still be guilty of insider trading even though they are not the actual person who 
bought or sold the Securities.  
It also does not matter how or where they obtained the information – it does not have to be 
from Charter Hall to constitute Inside Information.  
3.2 
Third parties 
Directors and Employees must not Deal in securities in a company or trust that CQR is 
transacting with or has an interest in, where the Director or Employee becomes privy to Inside 
Information about that company or trust in the course of their service or employment with 
Charter Hall.  
When dealing with advisers and contractors, it is important that Directors and Employees 
seek to ensure confidentiality if and when these third parties may become privy to Inside 
Information. Where practicable, this will be achieved by entering into a confidentiality 
agreement with the relevant parties or inserting a confidentiality clause in the respective 
agreements. However, and notwithstanding that a confidentiality agreement may have not 
For personal use only

 
 
Charter Hall Group | CQR Securities Trading Policy 
 
5 
been entered into, if an adviser or contractor of CQR (including professional services 
providers) Deals in Securities while in possession of Inside Information, this may 
result in the termination of their working relationship with Charter Hall.  
3.3 
No short-term trading of Securities  
It is contrary to this Policy for Directors and Employees to engage in short-term trading (ie 
buying Securities and disposing of them within four weeks or less form the date of acquisition) 
of Securities, except in the circumstances outlined in section 5.2 of this Policy. 
3.4 
Hedging of Securities  
Directors and Employees are only permitted to buy a derivative position (for example this 
Policy permits entering into a contract to buy a put or a call option, however not a contract to 
sell a put or a call option). The intention of this Policy is that it only permits hedging 
arrangements which are in the control of the Director or Employee rather than control of any 
third party. In taking out such approved positions Directors and Employees must observe the 
requirements of this Policy at all times. 
The intention of this Policy is that it only permits hedging arrangements which are within the 
control of the Director or Employee rather than conferring control of any purchase or sale 
decision to a third party. In entering into and in taking any action pursuant to any derivative 
transaction, Directors and Employees must observe the requirements of this Policy at all 
times. 
4. 
Permitted dealings 
4.1 
Dealing in Securities  
Subject at all times to not being in possession of Inside Information Directors and Employees 
can Deal in Securities at any time except during Trading Blackouts, subject to the notification 
and approval procedures set below.  
4.2 
Trading Blackouts  
There are 4 (four) designated Trading Blackouts in relation to Securities:  
1. Prior to distribution announcements:  
a. The period commencing 1 December and ending on the day after the public 
release to the ASX, by CQR of its estimated distribution for the half year ending 
31 December, and  
b. The period commencing 1 June and ending on the day after the public release to 
the ASX, by CQR of its estimated distribution for the full year ending 30 June; and  
2. Prior to results announcements,:  
a. The period commencing 15 January and ending on the day after the public 
release to the ASX, by CQR of its Half year results, and  
b. The period commencing 15 July and ending on the day after the public release to 
the ASX, by CQR of its Full year results.  
Notwithstanding these designated Trading Blackouts, CHRML may declare a Trading 
Blackout in respect of Securities at any time at its absolute discretion and without prior 
notice if considered necessary by the Directors.  
For personal use only

 
 
Charter Hall Group | CQR Securities Trading Policy 
 
6 
Trading Blackouts will operate automatically at the times described above. The Company 
Secretary will notify Directors and Employees by e-mail when a Trading Blackout commences 
or closes and may include a daily reminder that the Blackout is in effect in Charter Hall’s 
internal newsletter until the Blackout period ceases.  
No Dealing in Securities may occur within the Trading Blackouts without special leave being 
granted by the Chairman and one of the Joint Managing Directors of Charter Hall. Leave will 
ordinarily only be granted in situations of financial hardship and only in the event that the 
person involved is not in possession of Inside Information affecting Securities.  
A situation may arise where Securities are held by Directors or Employees within a margin 
lending account and a sale of those Securities is enforced by the lending institution. If such a 
sale occurs during a Trading Blackout period, the Chairman will consider whether a breach of 
this policy has been made after considering all circumstances.  
4.4 
Participation in Distribution Reinvestment Plans (DRP)  
In the case of DRP, the Director or Employee must only elect to participate or elect to cease 
participation in the DRP when they are not in possession of Inside Information. Subsequent 
acquisitions of new Securities by virtue of the routine operation of the DRP need not be 
notified (except in the case of Directors, where notice of the completed trading is required as 
per Clause 6.3 below) or consented to. 
5. 
Pre-notifications, reporting and conduct of dealings 
5.1 
Notification of intention to Deal  
When permitted to deal in accordance with this policy, all Employees Dealing in Securities 
must inform either the Chairman, an executive director of CHRML or the Company Secretary 
of any proposed Dealing not later than the day of the proposed Dealing, subject to the 
circumstances outlined in section 5.2 of this Policy.  
In the case of a Director, they must also provide prior notice of any intention to Deal to the 
Chairman. In the case of notice by a Chairman, a notice must be sent to each of the 
Independent Directors.  
The prior notification may be given in writing or verbally. If the notification is given verbally it 
must be followed by a written confirmation to the relevant person as soon as possible with a 
copy to the Company Secretary. 
5.2 
Consent for Dealing 
Employees should not complete the proposed Dealing until any necessary consent is 
received.  
Consent will not be given if there is any possibility that this Policy could be breached. No 
reason will be given for the grant or refusal of consent to Deal in Securities. Consent may be 
given in writing or verbally. Where consent is given verbally, written confirmation should 
follow.  
In particular, consent may not be given when management accounts are available prior to the 
commencement of a designated Trading Blackout.  
For personal use only

 
 
Charter Hall Group | CQR Securities Trading Policy 
 
7 
If a person would require special leave to Deal during a Blackout Period or to engage in short 
term trading due to financial hardship, or as a result of securities acquired as part of an 
entitlement offer, or similar circumstances, it must request it, in the case of staff, from either 
one of the Managing Director’s or in the case of a Director from the Chairman via the 
Company Secretary and must not complete the Dealing until authorisation is given in writing 
to him/her. 
5.3 
Reporting of completed Dealings  
Once a Dealing of any Securities is completed by or for a Director or an Employee, its 
completion, and the date, price and volume and the name to which the purchase was made 
(i.e. the Employee or Director’s own name, a trustee entity, a family member, etc.), must be 
reported within 24 hours by e-mail to the Company Secretary (and also the Chairman in the 
case of a Director or, in the case of a Chairman, to each of the non-executive Directors). The 
Company Secretary will maintain a register of Employee and Director Dealings.  
Note: CQR must disclose any purchase or sale of Securities by any one of its Directors to the 
ASX within 5 business days from the Dealing being completed. 
Directors must also inform the Chairman and/or the Company Secretary of any ‘margin loans’ 
or similar arrangements taken by them over Securities. The Board of Directors will decide 
whether disclosure is required in relation to margin loans taken by Director/s.  
NOTE: In accordance with the ASX Companies Update of 29 February 2008, in certain 
circumstances the existence of ‘margin loans’ or similar arrangements financing securities 
holdings may constitute material price sensitive information. 
6. 
Takeovers and schemes of arrangements 
The restrictions in this Policy do not prevent a Director or an Employee from accepting a 
takeover bid or from selling Securities under a scheme of arrangement in respect of Charter 
Hall. 
7. 
Breaches 
Insider trading, or the perception of insider trading, by any Director or Employee, will not be 
tolerated. Any allegation of insider trading would be likely to have a serious detrimental impact 
on CQR’s business. We must all be seen to be actively and diligently upholding the law and 
complying with this Policy.  
Breaches of this Policy will be viewed seriously and may lead to disciplinary action 
being taken against the relevant Director or Employee. In serious cases, such action 
may include dismissal or removal from office. Any Director or Employee who becomes 
aware of a violation of this Policy should immediately report the violation to the 
Company Secretary.  
It should also be noted that, in some circumstances, Charter Hall may be obliged to notify 
regulatory and/or criminal authorities of a serious breach of this Policy. Insider trading is a 
crime and can result in penalties which include:  
 For an individual – a fine of up to $220,000 and a jail term of up to five years; 
and for a corporation (i.e. Charter Hall) – a fine of up to $1,100,000.  
For personal use only

 
 
Charter Hall Group | CQR Securities Trading Policy 
 
8 
In addition, the insider trader, and any other persons involved in the contravention, may also 
be liable to compensate third parties for any resulting loss. 
8. 
Distribution of policy 
Directors will be provided with a copy of this Policy upon appointment. Employees will receive 
a copy of the Policy upon employment.  
A full copy of the Policy will be placed in the Governance Section of Charter Hall’s website. 
9. 
Review of policy 
This Policy will be reviewed regularly by the Directors, having regard to the changing 
circumstances of Charter Hall and any changes to the Policy will be notified in accordance 
with the process in Section 4 above (i.e. by e-mail from the Company Secretary). If Directors, 
Employees or advisers have any comments or views concerning the operation or 
effectiveness of the Policy, they should be communicated to the Company Secretary. 
10. Further information 
For questions about the operation of the Policy, please contact:  
Douglas Hunt 
Company Secretary  
Phone: (02) 8295 1033 
Fax: (02) 8908 4070  
E-mail: Douglas.Hunt@charterhall.com.au 
 
For personal use only

 
 
www.charterhall.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sydney 
Melbourne 
Brisbane 
Perth 
Adelaide 
Chicago 
Warsaw 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only
