 
NAI-1513659620v4  
 
 
 
Coronado Global Resources Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 
Level 33, Central Plaza One, 345 Queen Street 
ARBN: 628 199 468  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brisbane QLD 4000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
T:  +61 7 3031 7777 | F: +61 7 3229 7402  
www.coronadoglobal.com.au 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASEIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS 
 
ASX Announcement  
 
8 December 2020 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
 
Coronado Global Resources Inc. (“Coronado” or the “Company”, ASX: CRN) advises that in 
accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, its Securities Dealing Policy has been revised.  
Attached is the revised Securities Dealing Policy which is effective from 2 December 2020.    
A copy of the revised policy can also be found on the company’s website at 
https://coronadoglobal.com.au/corporate-governance/. 
 
 
– Ends –  
 
This announcement was authorised for release by the Disclosure Committee of Coronado Global 
Resources Inc.  
 
For further information please contact: 
 
Investors 
Aidan Meka 
P: +61 428 082 954 
E: ameka@coronadoglobal.com.au  
Investors 
Matt Sullivan 
P: +61 412 157 276 
E: msullivan@coronadoglobal.com.au 
Media 
Brett Clegg 
Citadel Magnus 
P: +61 487 436 985 
 
 
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS 
 
About Coronado  
Coronado Global Resources is one of the world’s largest producers of high-quality metallurgical coal. Through our market 
leading expertise, we operate some of the cleanest and lowest cost mines in the industry. Coronado employs over 1,700 people 
and our operations are located in two of the largest and most productive metallurgical coal basins in the world: the Bowen Basin 
in Queensland, Australia, and the Central Appalachian region of the USA. Our mining operations are situated close to 
transportation infrastructure and we supply customers throughout the Asia-Pacific, India, the Americas and Europe. With a 
diversified production base and significant Reserves and Resources, Coronado is well placed to grow over many years. As a 
reliable supplier to the steel industry, we are dedicated to making a positive contribution to the global economy; and through our 
sustainable business practices, to the local economies and communities where we operate. 
 
 
This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any CDIs (or underlying shares of 
common stock) in the United States or to any person who is, or is acting for the account or benefit of, a “U.S. person” (as defined 
in Rule 902(k) under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“U.S. Securities Act”)) (“U.S. Person”), or in any other 
jurisdiction in which such an offer would be illegal. The new CDIs being offered and sold in the Placement and the Entitlement 
Offer (including underlying shares of common stock) have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act or 
the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Accordingly, the new CDIs being offered and sold in the 
Placement and the Entitlement Offer (or underlying shares of common stock) may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Persons, unless the new CDIs are offered or sold in a transaction 
exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and the securities laws of any state or any 
other jurisdiction in the United States.  
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
Coronado Global Resources Inc. 
Adopted by the Board on 21 September 2018 
Amended by the Board on 13 August 2019 and on 2 December 2020 
 
For personal use only

 
 
Securities Dealing Policy
page 1 
 
1 
What is the purpose of this Policy? 
It is unlawful under provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange 
Act”) and rules adopted thereunder by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission as well as under rules adopted by the Australian Securities Exchange (the 
“ASX”) for insiders to purchase or sell securities based upon material information which 
has not been publicly disclosed.  The purpose of this Policy is to assure compliance 
with these laws and rules and to: 
• 
ensure that public confidence is maintained in the reputation of Coronado Global 
Resources Inc. (the Company), the directors and employees of the Company and 
in the trading of the Company’s securities; 
• 
explain the Company’s policy and procedures for the buying and selling of 
securities to assist the directors and employees; and 
• 
recognize that some types of dealing in securities are prohibited by law. 
There are strictly enforced criminal sanctions against anyone breaching these rules and 
engaging in what is commonly called “insider trading”. 
In this Policy, a reference to "securities" means securities in the Company and any other 
financial products of the Company quoted on the ASX or any other exchange or 
marketplace. For the avoidance of doubt, securities includes: 
• 
CHESS Depository Interests (CDIs) (as defined in the Listing   Rules); 
• 
common stock; and 
• 
preferred stock. 
2 
Scope of this Policy 
2.1 
Who must comply with this Policy? 
This Policy applies to all directors of the Company (Directors), executives, officers, 
employees, contractors and consultants of the Company (collectively, Employees). 
2.2 
Who are "Restricted Persons"? 
Certain aspects of this Policy apply only to Restricted Persons who, for the purposes of this 
Policy, are: 
• 
Directors; 
• 
Direct reports to the CEO and key management personnel of the Company who 
have been advised by the Chief Legal Officer & Secretary that they are subject 
to special restrictions under this Policy (Senior Executives); and 
• 
employees who regularly possess inside information and who have been advised 
by the Chief Legal Officer & Secretary that they are subject to special restrictions 
under this Policy (Nominated Employees). 
Restricted Persons must also take steps in relation to dealings by their “Connected 
Persons”. See section 4.7 for further information. 
For personal use only

3     Restrictions applying to all Employees
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy
page 2 
 
3 
Restrictions applying to all Employees 
3.1 
No dealing while in possession of Inside Information 
Inside Information is information that: 
• 
is not generally available to the market; and 
• 
if it were generally available to the market, a reasonable person would expect it 
to have a material effect (upwards or downwards) on the price or value of a 
security or which an informed investor would consider relevant to making an 
investment decision. 
Inside Information may include matters of supposition, matters that are not yet certain and 
matters relating to a person’s intentions. 
While in possession of Inside Information, Employees shall not: 
• 
trade in the Company’s securities (for example, by buying or selling the 
Company's securities); 
• 
procure another person to acquire or sell the Company’s securities (for example, 
by arranging for your spouse or a company you own to buy or sell Company 
securities on your behalf); 
• 
communicate the Inside Information to another person, known as tipping (for 
example, by providing any other person a tip about the Company's securities if 
you know, or ought reasonably to know, that the person will act on that tip (i.e. 
they will buy or sell Company securities) or procure someone else to act on that 
tip). 
Section 6 contains further details regarding the scope of the insider trading laws. 
3.2 
The Front Page Test 
It is important that public confidence in the Company is maintained. It would be damaging   
to the Company's reputation if the market or the general public perceived that Employees 
might be taking advantage of their position in the Company to make financial gains (by 
dealing in securities on the basis of Inside Information). 
As a guiding principle, Employees should ask themselves: 
If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to be taking 
advantage of my position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the transaction were 
reported on the front page of the newspaper? (The Front Page Test) 
If the Employee is unsure, he or she should consult the Chief Legal Officer & Secretary. 
Where any approval is required for a dealing under this Policy, approval will not be granted 
where the dealing would not satisfy the Front Page Test. 
3.3 
No short-term or speculative dealing 
Employees must not deal in the Company’s securities on a speculative or short-term trading 
basis. Short-term trading includes buying and selling securities on market within a 6 month 
period and entering into other short-term dealings (for example, forward contracts). 
Specifically prohibited are purchases and sales of Company securities that are subject to 
Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act by the CEO and his/her direct reports, directors and any 
holder of 10% or more of the Company’s issued and outstanding securities (collectively a 
For personal use only

4     Additional restrictions applying to Restricted Persons
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy
page 3 
 
“Reporting Person”).  Sale of shares that have been converted after exercising options or 
rights may not be regarded as short term trading.  Reporting Persons should check with 
the Chief Legal Officer & Secretary before any transaction in Company securities, including 
option or rights exercises.  
3.4 
Hedging of Company securities 
Hedging includes entering into any arrangements that operate to limit the economic risk 
associated with holding the Company’s securities. 
Company securities acquired under an employee, executive or director equity plan 
operated by the Company must never be hedged prior to vesting. 
Company securities must never be hedged while they are subject to a holding lock or 
restriction on dealing under the terms of an employee, executive or director equity plan 
operated by the Company. 
3.5 
Dealing in other companies’ securities 
Employees may come into possession of Inside Information regarding another company 
where they are directly involved in client relationship management or negotiating contracts. 
For example, where a person is aware that the Company is about to sign a major 
agreement with another company. 
Employees must not deal in the securities in another company if they are aware of Inside 
Information in relation to that company, no matter how they came into possession of the 
Inside Information. 
If you are in any doubt, consult with the Chief Legal Officer & Secretary. 
4 
Additional restrictions applying to Restricted Persons 
4.1 
No dealing in blackout periods 
Directors and salaried employees of the Company and any of its subsidiaries must not deal 
in Company securities during any of the following blackout periods: 
• 
the period starting on the 15th day of the third month of each calendar quarter 
until the completion of the two trading days following the public release by the 
Company of quarterly or annual, as the case may be, earnings; and 
• 
any other period that the Board or Chief Legal Officer & Secretary specifies from 
time to time. 
4.2 
Exceptional circumstances 
If a director or salaried employee needs to deal in securities during a blackout period due 
to exceptional circumstances and is not in possession of any Inside Information, then, they 
may apply for approval to deal in accordance with section 4.4.  Exceptional circumstances 
are likely to include severe financial hardship or compulsion by court order. 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this section 4.2 must 
comply with the other sections of this Policy (to the extent applicable). 
For personal use only

4     Additional restrictions applying to Restricted Persons
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy
page 4 
 
4.3 
Approval required for dealing outside blackout periods 
During any period that is not a trading blackout period under section 4.1, Restricted 
Persons must, prior to any proposed dealing, seek approval for the proposed dealing in the 
Company’s securities. Trading at any time (even if approval has been obtained under this 
Policy) remains subject to the insider trading prohibition in the Exchange Act and the 
Australian Corporations Act. 
4.4 
Written request process  
(a) 
Requests for approval under 4.2 or 4.3 should be submitted to the Chief Legal 
Officer & Secretary (or their delegate), who will forward it to one of the following 
approvers: 
(1) 
the Chief Executive Officer (in the case of Nominated Employees or 
Senior Executives); 
(2) 
the Chair of the Board (in the case of the CEO or other Directors); 
(3) 
the Chair of the Audit, Governance and Risk Committee (in the case of 
the Chair of the Board). 
(b) 
A request for approval to deal will be answered within two business days. The 
approver, having consulted with members of management as appropriate, may: 
(1) 
grant or refuse the request; 
(2) 
impose conditions on the dealing in their discretion. 
(c) 
The approver is not obliged to provide reasons for any aspect of their decision 
and may revoke their approval at any time. If a request is not approved or an 
approval is revoked, that fact must be kept confidential. 
(d) 
Following receipt of approval to deal, the approved dealing must occur within 5 
business days following approval (or such other time specified in the approval), 
otherwise the approval is no longer effective, and a new approval must be sought. 
(e) 
Approval under this Policy is not an endorsement of the dealing. Personnel are 
responsible for their own compliance with the law. 
4.5 
Margin lending arrangements 
(a) 
Approval must be obtained by any Restricted Person in accordance with the 
procedure set out in section 4.4 for any: 
(1) 
entering into a margin lending arrangement in respect of the Company’s 
securities; and 
(2) 
transferring securities in the Company into an existing margin loan 
account. 
4.6 
Confirmation of trade required 
Restricted Persons must promptly provide the Chief Legal Officer & Secretary with written 
confirmation when the dealing has taken place.  In the case of Directors, written 
confirmation should ideally be provided by close of business on the day the trade is entered 
into to assist the Company to comply with its disclosure obligations under the Exchange 
Act and ASX Listing Rules. 
For personal use only

5     Excluded Dealings
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy
page 5 
 
4.7 
Connected Persons 
Employees and directors must take appropriate steps to ensure that their “Connected 
Persons” only deal in securities in circumstances where the Restricted Person to whom 
they are connected would be permitted to deal under this Policy. For example, by obtaining 
clearance in accordance with this Policy in respect of the Connected Persons’ dealings. 
Connected Persons are: 
• 
a family member who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, the 
Restricted Person in his or her dealings with the Company or Company securities 
(this may include the Restricted Person’s spouse, partner and children, the 
children of the Restricted Person’s partner, or dependents of the Restricted 
Person or the Restricted Person’s partner); and 
• 
a company or any other entity which the Restricted Person has an ability to 
control. 
EMG and the Seller Group Entities (as defined in Attachment 1) are not Connected Persons 
for the purposes of this Policy. 
5 
Excluded Dealings 
Sections 3.3, 4.1 and 4.3 of this Policy do not apply to: 
(a) 
participation in an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by the 
Company. However, where securities in the Company granted under an 
employee, executive or director equity plan cease to be held under the terms of 
that plan, any dealings in those securities must only occur in accordance with this 
Policy; 
(b) 
dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the 
securities (for example, transfers of Company securities already held into a 
superannuation fund or trust of which the Employee is a beneficiary); and 
(c) 
trading under a pre-approved non-discretionary trading plan, where the 
Employee did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a blackout period, 
the plan does not permit the Employee to exercise any influence or discretion in 
relation to trading under the plan and the plan cannot be cancelled during a 
blackout period, other than in exceptional circumstances. 
However, given such dealings remain subject to the insider trading rules in the Exchange 
Act and the Australian Corporations Act, Employees should still consider any legal or 
reputational issues (and discuss any concerns they have with the Chief Legal Officer & 
Secretary) before proceeding with the dealing. 
6 
What are the rules about insider trading? 
The Exchange Act and the Australian Corporations Act provide that a person who has 
Inside Information about a company must not: 
(a) 
buy or sell securities in a company, or enter in an agreement to buy or sell 
securities, or exercise options over securities, or otherwise apply for, acquire or 
dispose of securities (deal); 
For personal use only

7     What happens if this Policy is breached?
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy
page 6 
 
(b) 
encourage someone else to deal in securities in that company; or 
(c) 
directly or indirectly provide that information to another person where they know, 
or ought to know, that that person is likely to deal in securities or encourage 
someone else to deal in securities of that company (tipping). 
These restrictions apply to all securities, not just the Company’s securities. Note that these 
prohibitions apply to conduct that occurs elsewhere in the world, not just conduct which 
occurs in Australia or the United States. 
7 
What happens if this Policy is breached? 
Breaches of this Policy will be regarded by the Company as serious and will be subject to 
appropriate sanctions including referral to enforcement agencies. 
Any person who is suspected of breaching this Policy may be suspended from attending 
the workplace on full pay pending the outcome of investigations into the alleged breach. 
Any person who breaches this Policy could face disciplinary action (including forfeiture of 
securities and/or suspension or termination of employment). 
Breaches of the insider trading laws have serious consequences for both the personnel 
concerned and the Company. Penalties under the Corporations Act include financial 
penalties and imprisonment. 
8 
Who should I contact? 
Employees should contact the Chief Legal Officer & Secretary (who will refer the question  
to the Chair of the Board in the case of the CEO or Directors, and the Chair of the Audit, 
Governance and Risk Committee in the case of the Chair of the Board) if they are unsure 
about whether it is acceptable to deal or communicate with others in relation to the 
Company’s securities  or other securities or if they have any other queries about this  Policy. 
 
For personal use only

 
 
Securities Dealing Policy
page 7 
 
Attachment 1 
The following definitions apply when used in the Securities Dealing Policy. 
Affiliate 
an affiliate of, or a person affiliated with, a specified person, is a 
person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, 
controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the 
person   specified. 
Company or 
Coronado 
Coronado Global Resources Inc. (ARBN 628 199 468). 
EMG 
The Energy & Minerals Group and its Affiliates.  
EMG Entities 
1 EMG CC HC, LLC; 
2 EMG Coronado II HC, LLC; 
3 EMG Coronado IV Holdings LLC; and  
4 EMG Coronado Strategic LP. 
References to the rights of the EMG Entities includes any Affiliate of 
the above entities, other than the Company and any entity it controls. 
Seller 
Coronado Group LLC. 
Seller Group Entities 
any or all of the Seller, the EMG Entities, or their respective 
successors or Affiliates (other than the Company and any entity that 
is controlled by the Company). 
 
For personal use only
