A S X A N N O U N C E M E N T 
Melbourne, Australia, 18 December 2024 
ASX: CUV   |   Börse Frankfurt: UR9   |   ADR Level 1: CLVLY 
ASX Announcement 
PAGE 1 OF 2 
Revised Securities Trading Policy 
CLINUVEL advises in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10 that its Securities Trading Policy has been 
revised.  A copy of the revised Policy is attached and is available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.clinuvel.com.   
– END – 
About CLINUVEL PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
CLINUVEL (ASX: CUV; ADR LEVEL 1: CLVLY; Börse Frankfurt: UR9) is a global specialty pharmaceutical group focused on developing and 
commercialising treatments for patients with genetic, metabolic, systemic, and life-threatening, acute disorders, as well as healthcare 
solutions for specialised populations. As pioneers in photomedicine and the family of melanocortin peptides, CLINUVEL’s research and 
development has led to innovative treatments for patient populations with a clinical need for systemic photoprotection, repigmentation 
and acute or life-threatening conditions who lack alternatives.  
CLINUVEL’s lead therapy, SCENESSE® (afamelanotide 16mg), is approved for commercial distribution in Europe, the USA, Israel, and 
Australia as the world’s first systemic photoprotective drug for the prevention of phototoxicity (anaphylactoid reactions and burns) in 
adult patients with erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP). Headquartered in Melbourne, Australia, CLINUVEL has operations in Europe, 
Singapore, and the USA. For more information, please go to https://www.clinuvel.com. 
Authorised for ASX release by the Board of Directors of CLINUVEL PHARMACEUTICALS LTD.  
Head of Investor Relations  
Mr Malcolm Bull, CLINUVEL PHARMACEUTICALS LTD  
Investor Enquiries  
https://www.clinuvel.com/investors/contact-us  
Forward-Looking Statements  
This release contains forward-looking statements, which reflect the current beliefs and expectations of CLINUVEL’s management. 
Statements may involve a number of known and unknown risks that could cause our future results, performance, or achievements to 
differ significantly from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause or contribute 
to such differences include risks relating to: our ability to develop and commercialise pharmaceutical products; the COVID-19 pandemic 
and/or other world, regional or national events affecting the supply chain for a protracted period of time, including our ability to develop, 
manufacture, market and sell biopharmaceutical products; competition for our products, especially SCENESSE® (afamelanotide 16mg), 
PRÉNUMBRA® or NEURACTHEL®; our ability to achieve expected safety and efficacy results in a timely manner through our innovative R&D 
efforts; the effectiveness of our patents and other protections for innovative products, particularly in view of national and regional 
variations in patent laws; our potential exposure to product liability claims to the extent not covered by insurance; increased government 
scrutiny in either Australia, the U.S., Europe, Israel, China and Japan of our agreements with third parties and suppliers; our exposure to 
currency fluctuations and restrictions as well as credit risks; the effects of reforms in healthcare regulation and pharmaceutical pricing 
and reimbursement; that the Company may incur unexpected delays in the outsourced manufacturing of SCENESSE®, PRÉNUMBRA® or 
NEURACTHEL® which may lead to it being unable to supply its commercial markets and/or clinical trial programs; any failures to comply 
with any government payment system (i.e. Medicare) reporting and payment obligations; uncertainties surrounding the legislative and 
regulatory pathways for the registration and approval of biotechnology and consumer based products; decisions by regulatory authorities 
regarding approval of our products as well as their decisions regarding label claims; our ability to retain or attract key personnel and 
managerial talent; the impact of broader change within the pharmaceutical industry and related industries; potential changes to tax 
liabilities or legislation; environmental risks; and other factors that have been discussed in our 2024 Annual Report. Forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation, outside of those required 
under applicable laws or relevant listing rules of the Australian Securities Exchange, to update or revise any forward-looking statement, 
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. More information on preliminary and uncertain forecasts and 
estimates is available on request, whereby it is stated that past performance is not an indicator of future performance. 
 
For personal use only

ASX Announcement 
PAGE 2 OF 2 
Contact:  
Tel: +61 3 9660 4900  
Fax: +61 3 9660 4909 
Email: mail@clinuvel.com 
Australia (Head Office), Level 22, 535 Bourke Street, Melbourne, Victoria, 3000, Australia 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
CLINUVEL Pharmaceuticals Limited  
ACN 089 644 119 
For personal use only

page 2 
 
1. 
Purpose 
1.1 
This Securities Trading Policy (Policy) sets out the requirements for directors, employees, 
consultants and contractors of CLINUVEL Pharmaceuticals Limited (CLINUVEL or Company) 
and its related entities in relation to dealing in securities of CLINUVEL Pharmaceuticals Limited 
or any other securities which may be affected by this policy or the law. 
1.2 
The purpose of this Policy is to assist all directors, officers and employees to avoid conduct 
known as ‘insider trading’. In some respects, this Policy extends beyond the strict requirements 
of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act). 
1.3 
This Policy has important implications for all directors, officers and employees. If you do not 
understand the implications of this Policy or how it applies to you, you should raise the matter with 
the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) or the Company Secretary before trading in any securities 
which may be affected by this Policy or the law. 
1.4 
This Policy extends to directors, officers, employees or potential insiders (including such parties 
as advisors and consultants who have access to or are involved with confidential information). 
This includes a director, officer or employee of CLINUVEL, the director’s, officer’s or employee’s 
immediate family (includes a person or persons under the control or influence of the director, 
officer or employee) and related entities controlled by the director, officer or employee or 
members of the immediate family. 
1.5 
This Policy only provides a summary of applicable legal and regulatory issues which are complex 
and should therefore only be used as a general guide and not as legal advice. 
 
2. 
Insider Trading 
A director, employee or any other person must not engage in ‘insider trading’ – that is, they must not 
deal in any securities of the Company where: 
(a) 
they are in possession of information which is not generally available; and 
(b) 
that information may have a material effect on the price or value of the securities of the 
Company; and 
(c) 
they know or ought reasonably to know that the information is not generally available and if it 
were it might have a material effect on the price or value of the securities. 
In addition, a director, employee or consultant with inside information must not procure another person to 
deal in the Company’s securities nor communicate the information (directly or indirectly) to another 
person who the person believes may deal (or procure someone else to deal) in the Company’s securities. 
Procuring means enticing, encouraging, persuading, causing or securing another person to do 
something. It includes inciting, inducing or encouraging an act or omission. 
Information is ‘generally available’ if: 
(a) 
it consists of readily observable matter; 
(b) 
it has been made known in a manner likely to bring it to the attention of investors in securities 
of corporations of that kind and a reasonable period for dissemination of that information has 
elapsed. For example, this means it has been released to the ASX, published in an Annual 
Report or prospectus or otherwise been made generally available to the investing public and a 
reasonable period of time has elapsed after the information has been disseminated in one of 
these ways; or it may be deduced, inferred or concluded from methods of dissemination such 
as the above. 
For personal use only

page 3 
 
 
Information is defined broadly for the purposes of the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act 
and includes matters of supposition and other matters that are insufficiently definite to warrant being 
known to the public. It also includes matters relating to the intentions of a person. 
Information is likely to have a material effect on either the price or value of the securities of a company if 
the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities in 
deciding whether or not to subscribe for, buy or sell those securities. 
Inside information means information which: 
(a) 
relates to particular securities or to a particular issuer or to particular issuers of securities and 
not to securities generally or issuers of securities generally (and, for these purposes, 
information shall be treated as relating to an issuer of securities which is a company not only 
where it is about that Company but also where it may affect that Company’s business 
prospects); 
(b) 
is specific or precise; 
(c) 
has not been made public; and 
(d) 
if it were made public would be likely to have a significant effect on the price or value of those 
securities. 
The prohibition directly affects directors, employees and consultants dealing in the Company's 
securities, either for personal gain or for the gain of any other person. However, a person does not need 
to be a director, employee or consultant of the Company to be guilty of insider trading in relation to the 
Company's securities. It also affects all companies of which they are directors, dealings by directors, 
employees and consultants through nominees, agents or other associates, such as family members, 
family trusts and family companies and any other person who is encouraged to deal in the Company's 
securities by the director, employee or consultant. 
In addition, a person who contravenes or is involved in a contravention of these provisions may be liable 
to compensate any person who suffers loss or damage because of the contravention. 
The prohibition does not apply to subscriptions for shares by directors or employees made under an 
employee share scheme, shares issued under a dividend reinvestment plan or any new issues in which 
all shareholders are entitled to participate. 
Insider trading is a criminal offence. It is punishable by substantial fines and/or imprisonment or both. A 
company may also be liable if an employee or director engages in insider trading. 
Insider trading may also attract civil penalties. A court may impose substantial pecuniary penalties for 
insider trading and order payment of compensation to persons who suffer loss or damage because of 
insider trading. 
3. 
The Trading Policy 
It is the policy of the Company that no director, employee or consultant may deal in the Company's 
securities unless the procedures set out below have been strictly complied with. 
3.1 
Guidance on dealings 
For the avoidance of doubt, the following constitute dealing for the purposes of this policy and are 
consequently subject to the provisions of this policy: 
(a) 
buying or selling securities; 
(b) 
subscribing for new shares; 
(c) 
entry into an agreement to subscribe for, buy or sell, securities; 
For personal use only

page 4 
 
(d) 
the grant to, or acceptance by such person or entity of any option relating to such securities or 
of any other right or obligation, present or future, conditional or unconditional, to acquire or 
dispose of such securities; 
(e) 
arrangements which involve a sale of securities with the intention of repurchasing an 
equal number of such securities soon afterwards; 
(f) 
dealings between directors and/or employees and/or certain consultants of the Company's; 
(g) 
off-market dealings; and 
(h) 
transfers for no consideration by a director. 
The following dealings are not subject to the provisions of this policy: 
(a) 
undertakings or elections to take up entitlements under a rights issue or other offer (including 
an offer of securities in lieu of a cash dividend); 
(b) 
the take up of entitlements under a rights issue or other offer (including an offer of 
securities in lieu of a cash dividend); 
(c) 
allowing entitlements to lapse under a rights issue or other offer (including an offer of shares 
in lieu of a cash dividend); 
(d) 
the sale of sufficient entitlements nil-paid to allow take up of the balance of the entitlements 
under a rights issue; 
(e) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer. 
3.2 
Directors, Employees and Consultants 
All directors, employees and consultants must comply with the terms of this policy. 
Any employees or consultants who are considering the purchase or sale of the Company's securities 
should advise the CEO of their intention if they are in any way uncertain as to whether the timing of 
their intention to purchase or sell securities is appropriate. 
3.3 
Notification of dealing 
During their term of engagement and for three months after termination, directors, employees and 
consultants must receive clearance for any proposed dealing in the Company’s securities by: 
(a) 
in the case of directors, employees and consultants of the Company, providing written notice to 
the CEO in advance so as to obtain such clearance, and 
(b) 
in the case of the CEO, providing written notice to the Chair in advance so as to obtain such 
clearance. 
Such notification must detail the number of shares or options to be traded and the timing. 
The trade may proceed and must be completed within the next seven (7) business days following 
approval from the CEO or Chair, providing the Company, its directors, employees or consultants are not 
in possession of price-sensitive information which would prohibit trading. 
3.4 
Circumstances where clearance most appropriate 
As a matter of practice, the following periods are the most appropriate times for directors, employees 
and consultants to deal in securities of the Company: 
(a) 
in the four weeks following the day after the release of the annual accounts; 
(b) 
in the four weeks following the day after the release of the half-yearly accounts; and 
(c) 
in the four weeks following the day after the annual general meeting (on the basis that any 
developments of a price sensitive nature since the release of the annual accounts will be 
announced by the Chair at the meeting), 
For personal use only

page 5 
 
except where the director, employee or consultant is in possession of price-sensitive information which 
has not been made generally available.  
3.5 
Limitations and guidelines on dealing 
Directors, employees and consultants must recognise that they may have ownership of large blocks of 
stock that could unduly affect the market for the Company’s stock if they are not marketed in an orderly 
manner or in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act. 
Accordingly, unless further Board approval is obtained, the following limitations apply: 
(a) 
A director, employee or consultant may not sell securities exceeding one-third of the average 
daily trading volume for the last 180 days directly on the market in any one month. This 
limitation applies every month and may not be accumulated – ie, a quantity not sold one month 
may not be added to the next month. This limitation does not apply to any off-market transfers 
or transfers which occur via a “crossing” or similar such transaction. 
(b) 
A director, employee or consultant may not sell securities where the sale would require a 
disclosure document to be issued pursuant to the provisions of the Corporations Act. (Where 
no disclosure document is required to be issued, directors, employees and consultants may, 
subject to the remainder of this clause 3.5, sell any amount of shares or options in private, off-
market transactions to institutional or sophisticated investors); 
(c) 
Directors, employees and consultants must not “shop” an excessive number of brokers and/or 
potential buyers or sellers so that the sale becomes widely known. They must proceed in a 
discrete manner when buying or selling securities and be mindful of the effect of their actions 
on the market and the perceptions of investors. 
Failure to observe these guidelines for trading shares is a serious matter and will result in disciplinary 
action by the board. 
3.6 
No dealing in prohibited period 
A director, employee or consultant must not deal in any securities of the Company during a prohibited 
period. A ‘prohibited period’ means: 
(a) 
any ‘close period’ (see below); 
(b) 
any period when there exists any matter which constitutes inside information in relation to the 
Company's securities (whether or not the director, employee or consultant has knowledge of 
such matter); or 
(c) 
any period when any director, employee or consultant has reason to believe that the 
proposed dealing is in breach of this policy. 
3.7 
Close periods 
For the purpose of this policy, a ‘close period’ is: 
(a) 
the period of two months immediately preceding the preliminary announcement of the 
Company's annual results or, if shorter, the period from the end of the relevant financial year 
to and including the time of the announcement; and 
(b) 
if the Company reports on a half-yearly basis, the period of two months immediately 
preceding the announcement of the half-yearly results or, if shorter, the period from the 
end of the relevant financial period to and including the time of the announcement; and 
(c) 
except as provided in paragraphs (a) and (b) for the half year and end of financial year 
respectively, if the Company also reports on a quarterly basis, the period of one month 
immediately preceding the announcement of the quarterly results or, if shorter, the period 
from the end of the relevant financial period to and including the time of the announcement. 
 
For personal use only

page 6 
 
3.8 
Short term dealing 
A director, employee or consultant must not deal in any securities of the Company on considerations of 
a short term nature. That is, directors, employees and consultants may not buy and sell securities within 
a 3 month period without permission from the CEO. In addition, directors, employees and consultants 
may not enter into any short term dealings (eg, forward contracts) without permission from the CEO. 
3.9 
‘Insider trading’ 
A director, employee or consultant must not deal in any securities of the Company at any time when 
they are in possession of inside information in relation to the Company or those securities (as defined 
under Australian law). 
3.10 
Exercise of employee rights or options 
On written application by a director, employee or consultant, the Chair or CEO may allow the exercise of 
an option or right under an employee share scheme, or the conversion of a convertible security, where 
the final date for the exercise of such option or right, or conversion of such security, falls during any 
prohibited period and the director, employee or consultant could not reasonably have been expected to 
exercise it at an earlier time when they were free to deal. 
Where an exercise or conversion is permitted, the Chair or CEO may not give clearance for the sale of 
securities acquired pursuant to such exercise or conversion during the prohibited period. 
3.11 
Dealing in exceptional circumstances 
In exceptional circumstances a director, employee or consultant may sell (but not purchase) securities 
when they would otherwise be prohibited from doing so only because the proposed sale would fall within 
a close period. However, trading must not take place if the CEO or other director is aware of any other 
reason why the director, employee or consultant would be prohibited from dealing by this policy. An 
example of the type of circumstance which may be considered exceptional for these purposes would be 
severe personal hardship or a pressing financial commitment on the part of the director, employee or 
consultant that cannot otherwise be satisfied. The determination of whether circumstances are 
exceptional for this purpose must be made by a majority decision of the board. 
3.12 
Director acting as trustee 
Where a director is a sole trustee (other than a bare trustee), the provisions of this policy will apply as if 
they were dealing on their own account. Where a director is a co- trustee (other than a bare trustee), 
they must advise their co-trustees that they are a director of the Company. If they are not a beneficiary, 
a dealing in the Company's securities undertaken by that trust will not be regarded as a dealing by the 
director for the purposes of this policy where the decision to deal is taken by the other trustees acting 
independently of the director or by investment managers on behalf of the trustees. The other trustees 
will be assumed to have acted independently of the director for this purpose where they: 
(a) 
have taken the decision to deal by a majority without consultation with, or other 
involvement of, the director concerned; or 
(b) 
if they have delegated the decision making to a committee of which the director is not a 
member. 
3.13 
Dealings by connected persons and investment managers 
A director must (so far as is consistent with their duties of confidentiality to the Company) seek to 
prohibit any dealing in securities of the Company during a close period or at a time when the director is in 
possession of unpublished price sensitive information in relation to those securities and would be 
prohibited from dealing under this policy: 
(a) 
by or on behalf of any person related to them (within the meaning of the term ‘related entity’ in 
the Corporations Act), which includes the director’s spouse, de facto, family members, 
associated trusts, companies or other third parties contemplating the acquisition or sale of 
For personal use only

page 7 
 
securities on the director’s behalf (and also includes any company over which such persons 
or entities have 20% of its equity or voting rights); or 
(b) 
by an investment manager on their behalf or on behalf of any person associated with him/her 
where either they or any person connected with him/her has funds under management with 
that investment manager, whether or not discretionary. 
3.14 
Director’s duty to notify connected persons 
A director must advise all such connected persons and investment managers: 
(a) 
that they are a director of the Company; 
(b) 
of the close periods during which they cannot deal in the Company's securities; 
(c) 
of any other periods when the director knows they are not free to deal in securities of the 
Company under the provisions of this policy unless their duty of confidentiality to the 
Company prohibits them from disclosing such periods; and 
(d) 
that they must advise him/her immediately after they have dealt in securities of the Company 
(save as provided in Item 23.12 of this policy). 
3.15 
Clearance records 
A written record must be maintained by the Company of the receipt of any advice or notification 
received from a director, employee or consultant. If requested by the director, employee or consultant 
concerned, written confirmation from the Company that such advice has been recorded must be given 
to the director, employee or consultant concerned. 
3.16 
List of dealings 
A list of dealings in the securities of the Company since the date of the last Board meeting should be 
circulated to members of the board with the board papers for each board meeting where such dealings 
are: 
(a) 
by or on behalf of a director, employee or consultant; 
(b) 
by connected persons of a director, employee or consultant; or 
(c) 
by investment managers on behalf of either a director, employee or consultant or an associate 
of a director, employee or consultant. 
 
4. 
Other Securities 
4.1 
A director, officer or employee shall not trade securities of another company where the 
director, officer or employee is aware of: 
(a) 
non-public information regarding investigations or negotiations being conducted by CLINUVEL 
or any of its related entities into that company; and/or 
(b) 
non-public material information of a company in partnership with CLINUVEL. 
 
5. 
Breach of Policy 
5.1 
A breach of this Policy by a director, officer or employee may lead to disciplinary action. It may 
also be a breach of the law. 
 
6. 
ASX notification for Directors 
6.1 
The ASX Listing Rules require the Company to notify the ASX within 5 business days after any 
For personal use only

page 8 
 
dealing in securities of the Company (either personally or through an Associate) which results in 
a change in the relevant interests of a Director in the securities of the Company. The Company 
has made arrangements with each Director to ensure that the Director promptly discloses to the 
Company Secretary all the information required by the ASX. 
6.2 
Directors are also required to comply with the Corporations Act and must notify under that Act 
within 2 business days if they begin to have, or cease to have, a ‘substantial holding’ in the 
Company or if they already have a ‘substantial holding’ in the Company and there is a movement 
of at least 1% in their holding. 
 
7. 
Assistance and Additional Information 
7.1 
Any questions about this Policy should be directed to the Company Secretary. 
 
 
8. 
Approved and Adopted 
8.1 
This Policy was approved and adopted by the Board on 16 December 2024. 
 
 
 
 
 
Document version control: 
Custodian 
Company Secretary 
Date of next scheduled review 
December 2026 
Legislative Framework and regulatory 
compliance 
- 
ASX Corporate Governance Principles 
and Recommendation (4th edition) 
- 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)  
Regulators 
- 
ASX 
- 
Australian Government 
 
For personal use only
