 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
December 30, 2010 
 
Company Announcements Office 
Australian Securities Exchange Limited 
20 Bridge St 
Sydney NSW 2000 
VIA ASX Online. 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
Please find attached our securities trading policy. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
Paul Freedman, 
Company Secretary. 
 
For personal use only

 
2 
 
Cedar Woods Properties Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
30 December 2010 
 
1 Introduction 
 
The shares of Cedar Woods Properties Limited (CWP) A.C.N. 009 259 081 are listed on the 
Australian Securities Exchange, ASX Limited (ASX).  
 
CWP (or “the Company”) values its good reputation and recognises the importance of 
honesty and fair dealing in protecting that reputation. 
 
CWP’s overriding aim is to be a company that regulators, investors and market commentators 
have confidence in. It is essential that all directors and employees are aware of, and comply 
with, the restrictions on dealing in CWP securities and the securities of other companies that 
arise from the Corporations Act, the ASX listing rules and the company’s own share trading 
policy as set out in this document. 
 
2 Regulatory Background 
 
The Corporations Act 2001 of the Commonwealth of Australia (“Corporations Act”) contains 
a number of provisions regarding insider trading and misuse of corporate information. 
 
The ASX Listing rules require that a listed company must have a share trading policy and 
prescribe the minimum requirements of that policy. (Listing rules 12.9 and 12.12) 
 
3 Application 
 
This share trading policy extends to all directors and employees of CWP. The policy also 
covers dealing in securities by persons connected to those persons. It applies in addition to 
the provisions in the Corporations Act. 
 
4 Definitions 
 
In this policy, the following definitions apply: 
 
“closed period” means: 
(a) the period from 1 January until the end of the day of the release of the Company’s half 
year results; and 
(b) the period from 1 July until the end of the day of the release of the Company’s full year 
results. 
 
“connected person” means in relation to any person, his or her spouse/de facto spouse and 
any child of his or hers where such child is under the age of eighteen years and shall include 
any trust of which any such individuals are trustees or beneficiaries and any company over 
which they have control over the ability to make management decisions. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
3 
 
“dealing” means: 
(a) acquiring or disposing of securities; 
(b) mortgaging, charging, pledging or granting a lien over securities 
(c) entering into an agreement to apply for, acquire, dispose of, mortgage, charge, pledge or 
grant a lien over securities; 
(d) procuring or advising another person (such as a connected persons, friends, associates, 
brokers, financial advisors or financial planners) to apply for, acquire, dispose of, mortgage, 
charge, pledge or grant a lien over securities or to enter into an agreement to apply for, 
acquire, dispose of, mortgage, charge, pledge or grant a lien over securities; and 
(e) hedging or acquiring options over unvested securities. 
 
“employee” means a director, manager, sales manager (engaged on a commissions-based 
contract, or otherwise) and any other person under the employ of the Company, whether full 
time, part time, casual or on an hourly basis. 
 
“securities” means: 
(a) CWP shares or share options 
(b) CWP financial instruments; 
(c) a legal or equitable right or interest in a CWP share, option or financial instrument; 
(d) an option to acquire, by way of issue, any of the securities listed in Sections (a), (b) or (c); 
(e) derivatives (such as swap options, warrants) and other financial products issued by third 
parties in relation to CWP shares, options and financial instruments; and 
(f) securities of another company that may be affected by inside information  
 
5 Prohibited Conduct 
 
5.1 General 
You may not deal in securities at any time if to do so would breach any restriction in this 
Section 5 or Section 6. 
 
5.2 Closed Periods 
You must not deal in securities during a closed period unless an exemption exists under 
sections 6.2 or 6.3. 
 
5.3 Margin Lending Arrangements 
 
Directors of the company are not permitted to enter into margin lending arrangements in 
relation to the company’s securities. 
 
6 Permitted Conduct 
 
6.1 General 
You may deal in securities provided that you do so in accordance with the Corporations Act 
and strictly in accordance with this Section 6 and subject to the restrictions in Section 5. 
 
(a) Closed Periods 
As set out in Section 5.5, you must not deal in any securities during a closed period unless an 
exemption exists under sections 6.2 or 6.3. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
4 
 
(b) Permitted Dealings 
You may deal in securities at any time outside a closed period provided that you give the 
Company Secretary not less than one (1) trading day’s prior notice of any proposed dealing 
and provided you do not breach any restriction in section 5. 
 
(c) Clearance to Deal 
You must not deal in securities of the Company without first advising the Company Secretary 
in advance and receiving clearance. If the Company Secretary is unavailable then advice 
should be sought from the Managing Director. 
 
(d) Hedging 
You must disclose any existing hedging arrangements to the Company Secretary in writing 
and any trading as a result of a hedging arrangement must comply with this policy. 
 
6.2 Participation in Employee Share Plans 
You are not required to seek consent or provide notification in connection with participation 
in an employee share plan (e.g. applying for an allocation of securities pursuant to an 
employee 
share offer or exercising vested rights or options). However, dealings with vested shares from 
employee share plans are still subject to this trading policy. 
 
Where securities granted under an employee share plan cease to be held under that plan, any 
dealings in those securities must only occur in accordance with this policy. 
 
6.3 Other exceptions 
Dealing in the following circumstances is exempted from the Share Trading Policy: 
 
(a) Transfer of securities of the company already held into a superannuation fund or other 
savings scheme in which the employee is a beneficiary; 
(b) An investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme 
only investing in the securities of the company) where the assets of the fund or 
scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party 
(c) where a restricted person is a trustee, trading in the securities of the company by that 
trust provided the restricted person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to 
trade during a prohibited period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment 
managers independently of the restricted person; 
(d) Undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a formal takeover offer 
(e) Trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, such 
as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend reinvestment plan or bonus share 
plan, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer has been 
approved by the board of directors. This includes decisions relating to whether or not 
to take up entitlements and the sale of entitlements under a renounceable pro rate 
issue. 
(f) The conversion of a convertible security, where the final date for the conversion of 
the security falls during a prohibited period and the company has been in an 
exceptionally long prohibited period or the company has had a number of consecutive 
prohibited periods and the restricted person could not reasonably have been expected 
to exercise it at a time when free to do so; 
(g) Exceptions approved in advance by the Board on rare occasions, for example trading 
between two directors who have the same knowledge of material information which is 
For personal use only

 
5 
 
exempted from disclosure under ASX Listing rule 3.1A, or where employees can 
demonstrate severe financial hardship or that their circumstances are otherwise 
exceptional and that the proposed sale or disposal of the relevant securities is the only 
reasonable course of action available. 
(h) Trading in a closed period that has been approved in advance by the Board, in 
circumstances where the Board deems that all relevant material information is 
generally available to the market. 
 
7 Breach of Policy 
 
A breach of this policy by any individual covered by this policy, including any connected 
person, will be regarded as serious misconduct and the Company reserves the right to take 
disciplinary action including immediate dismissal or termination of employment. 
 
8 Further Information and Processing Requests for Approvals 
 
If you require any further information or do not understand how this policy applies to you, 
please contact the Company Secretary. All requests for approvals should be passed to the 
Company 
Secretary for processing. 
 
9 Review of Policy 
This policy will be reviewed regularly and updated as required 
 
For personal use only
