 
  
Level 1, 30 Richardson Street, West Perth WA 6005 PO Box 1784, West Perth WA 6872 
Telephone: (61-8) 6324 0090 Email: admin@catalystmetals.com.au 
www.catalystmetals.com.au ABN 54 118 912 495 
 
 
11 October 2024 
 
 
ASX Market Announcements 
ASX Limited 
Level 4 
20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY  NSW  2000 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
REVISED SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, please find attached a copy of the revised Securities 
Trading Policy for Catalyst Metals Limited. 
 
Authorised for release by the Board of Directors of Catalyst Metals Limited. 
 
Frank Campagna 
Company Secretary 
 
For personal use only

 
- 1 - 
 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE POLICIES 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
The Catalyst Metals Limited (Company) share trading policy regulates dealings by directors, officers and 
employees in securities issued by the Company.  Where appropriate, this policy also applies to contractors 
and consultants. 
 
The securities trading policy also establishes rules to minimise the risk that directors, officers and 
employees bear when in possession of unpublished price sensitive information and to give confidence to 
the market and investors that the Company respects the integrity of the market. 
 
This policy imposes basic trading restrictions on all directors and employees of the Company and its related 
companies who possess inside or unpublished price-sensitive information.  Additional trading restrictions 
apply to: 
• 
all directors (and any of their associates); 
• 
key management personnel, as defined in Australian Accounting Standard AASB 124: Related Party 
Disclosure; and 
• 
any other employees, contractors or consultants of the Company considered appropriate by the 
Managing Director and Company Secretary from time to time. 
 
GENERAL RESTRICTIONS WHEN IN POSSESSION OF INSIDE INFORMATION 
 
Insider trading laws 
Insider trading laws cover all personnel, including directors and employees of the Company.  Broadly, if a 
person is in possession of any unpublished price-sensitive information, it is a criminal offence to: 
• 
trade in the Company’s securities; 
• 
advise or procure another person to trade in the Company’s securities; or 
• 
pass on inside information to someone else, knowing that the other person may use that information 
to trade in, or procure someone else to trade in, the Company’s securities. 
 
Unpublished price-sensitive information includes any information which relates to the Company or its 
securities and: 
• 
is not generally available; and 
• 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the 
price or value of the Company’s securities, or would be likely to influence a person in deciding 
whether to buy or sell the Company’s securities. 
 
Confidential information 
Employees and directors also have a duty of confidentiality to the Company.  A person must not reveal any 
confidential information concerning the Company, use that information in any way which may cause loss 
to the Company, or use that information to gain an advantage for themselves or anyone else. 
 
It does not matter how or where the person obtains the information (i.e. the information does not have 
to be obtained from the Company to constitute inside information). 
 
For personal use only

- 2 - 
 
ADDITIONAL TRADING RESTRICTIONS FOR DIRECTORS, KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL AND CERTAIN 
EMPLOYEES 
Additional restrictions on trading in the Company’s securities apply to directors of the Company, all key 
management personnel and any other employees of the Company considered appropriate by the 
Managing Director and Company Secretary from time to time (Restricted Persons). 
 
Closed periods 
Restricted Persons generally hold positions where it can be assumed that they will have inside information 
regarding the Company.  Accordingly, additional restrictions apply for any proposed trading in securities 
by Restricted Persons during nominated “Closed Periods”.   
 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from trading in the Company’s securities during the following designated 
Closed Periods: 
• 
in the period from the first day after the end of the quarter to the release of the Company’s quarterly 
reports and for one business day after the release of the report; 
• 
in the period of two weeks prior to the release of the Company’s half year financial results and for 
one business day after the release of the results; 
• 
in the period of two weeks prior to the release of the Company’s full year financial results and for 
one business day after the release of the results. 
• 
any other period determined by the Chair or Managing Director to be a Closed Period from time to 
time. 
 
Trading with permission during closed period 
In exceptional circumstances clearance may be given for a Restricted Person to sell (but not to purchase) 
securities when they would otherwise be prohibited from doing so but not while there exists any matter 
which constitutes unpublished price-sensitive information in relation to the Company’s securities.  If a 
Restricted Person is in possession of inside information, then they must not deal in the Company’s 
securities at any time. 
 
Examples of circumstances where clearance may be given include severe financial hardship where the 
Restricted Person has a pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied other than by disposing of 
securities; or the disposal of securities under a court order or enforceable undertaking (such as a family 
court settlement). 
 
The determination on whether to give clearance for trading during a closed period under exceptional 
circumstances must be made by either the Chairman and/or Managing Director and at least one other 
non-executive director.  Consideration will be given to whether the disposal of the relevant securities is 
the only reasonable course of action available to the Restricted Person. 
 
Permission for trading must be evidenced by prior written communication, by letter, facsimile or e-mail. 
 
Requirements for trading by Restricted Persons 
Before trading, or giving instructions for trading in the Company’s securities, a Restricted Person must: 
• 
notify either the Managing Director or Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary (or in the 
case of the Managing Director intending to trade, notify the Chair of the Board of Directors) of their 
intention to trade; 
• 
confirm that they do not hold any unpublished price sensitive information; 
• 
have been advised by the Managing Director or Chief Financial Officer that there is no reason to 
preclude them from trading in the Company’s securities as notified; and 
• 
have complied with any conditions on trading imposed by the Managing Director or Chief Financial 
Officer (including, for example, any time limits applicable to the clearance). 
 
For personal use only

- 3 - 
 
Associates 
Each Restricted Person has a personal responsibility to ensure that their “associated parties” (being 
immediate family (including a spouse (or equivalent) or dependent), family company or trust) complies 
with the same respective restrictions as apply to Restricted Persons of the Company. 
 
Short term trading 
This trading policy encourages directors and employees to be long-term holders of the Company's 
securities and discourages short-term trading. 
 
In order to prevent the unfair use of information, Restricted Persons are generally prohibited from short-
term trading at all times.  Short-term trading is a purchase and sale of the same securities within a period 
between one to six months.  
 
In addition, the Board has an absolute discretion to place an embargo on Restricted Persons and/or 
employees and/or their respective associated parties trading in Company securities at any time. 
 
Notification of trading 
As required by the Corporations Act and the ASX Listing Rules, directors must notify the Company Secretary 
of any dealings in the Company’s securities immediately and in any event within 5 business days of the 
date of any such dealings. 
 
Securities issued under equity-based remuneration scheme 
Directors, officers and employees of the Company are prohibited from entering into arrangements for the 
hedging, or otherwise limiting their exposure to risk in relation to unvested shares, options or rights issued 
or acquired under the Company’s employee equity scheme.   
 
Directors, key management personnel and any other designated Restricted Persons covered under this 
policy are also prohibited from entering into any transaction to hedge securities held in the Company. 
 
Trading circumstances excluded from share trading policy 
The following forms of trading activity are excluded from the operation of the share trading policy but 
remain subject to the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act: 
• 
transfers of securities which result in no change in the beneficial ownership of the securities; 
• 
transfers of securities already held in a person’s own name into a superannuation fund to which that 
person is a beneficiary; 
• 
investments in or trading by a fund or other scheme where the assets of the fund or other scheme 
are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
• 
the conversion of convertible securities where the expiry date of the securities occurs during a closed 
period; 
• 
the acquisition (but not disposal) of shares or options offered under an employee share or option 
scheme; 
• 
the acquisition of securities arises under an offer made to all or most security holders, including a 
security purchase plan, pro-rata rights issue, bonus issue, dividend re-investment plan and equal 
access buy-back; 
• 
acceptance of or agreement to accept a takeover offer, scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-
back; 
• 
a disposal of securities that is a result of a secured lender exercising its rights, for example, under a 
margin loan arrangement. 
 
General 
The requirements imposed by this policy are separate from and additional to, the legal prohibitions in the 
Corporations Act on insider trading.  Strict compliance with this policy is a condition of employment. 
For personal use only
