 
 
 
 
ABN 48 002 678 640 
 
Level 1, 437 Roberts Road 
T +61 8 6374 1550 
 
Subiaco, WA, 6008 
ASX: CYM 
 
www.cypriummetals.com 
 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
27 June 2024 
 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
Cyprium Metals Limited (ASX: CYM) (Cyprium or the Company) advises that it has amended 
its Securities Trading Policy. In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, the updated 
Securities Trading Policy is attached to this announcement. 
 
This ASX announcement was approved and authorised by the Executive Chairman of 
Cyprium Metals Limited. 
 
Further information:  
 
Matt Fifield 
Manu Trivedi 
John Gardner 
 
Executive Chair 
Chief Financial Officer 
Investor and Media Relations 
 
matt.fifield@cypriummetals.com 
manu.trivedi@cypriummetals.com 
communications@cypriummetals.com 
 
 
T +61 8 6374 1550  
 
 
 
E communications@cypriummetals.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About Cyprium Metals Limited 
Cyprium Metals Limited (ASX: CYM) is an ASX-listed Australian copper company. Its flagship property is 
the Nifty Copper Mine in Western Australia, which previously produced significant copper from both oxide 
and sulphide resources.  Cyprium is focused on redeveloping Nifty, which has the advantage of significant 
invested capital, data from a long operating history, large-scale resources, current operational approvals, 
and recent investment in the property.  
The Company’s other assets include significant copper-focused properties in the Paterson and Murchison 
Provinces, including multiple defined resources.   
Visit www.cypriummetals.com for further information. 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
ABN 48 002 678 640 
 
Level 1, 437 Roberts Road 
T +61 8 6374 1550 
 
Subiaco, WA, 6008 
ASX: CYM 
 
www.cypriummetals.com 
 
CYPRIUM METALS LIMITED (COMPANY)  
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
1. Purpose 
This document sets out the Company's securities trading policy (Policy) regarding the 
Company’s directors, officers, employees, consultants and contractors (irrespective of 
location) who Deal or may Deal in Company Securities (CYM Personnel) and should be 
read in its entirety. 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
(a) 
provide a summary of the law on insider trading in Australia; 
(b) 
outline the prohibitions on dealing in Company Securities to prevent the misuse of 
unpublished information which could materially affect the value of such securities; 
(c) 
ensure that the reputation of the Company, its directors, officers, employees, 
consultants and contractors is not adversely impacted by perceptions of Dealing in 
Company Securities at inappropriate times; and 
(d) 
achieve high standards of corporate conduct and support market confidence in the 
integrity of Dealing in Company Securities. 
 
2. 
Insider Trading Prohibition – The Law  
2.1. General prohibition 
The Corporations Act prohibits a person, while in possession of Inside Information (see 
clause 2.2. below) from: 
(a) 
Dealing in Company Securities; 
(b) 
procuring another person to Deal in Company Securities; or 
(c) 
communicating Inside Information or causing Inside Information to be communicated, 
directly or indirectly, to another person who will, or are likely to, Deal on the Inside 
Information. 
The Corporations Act imposes substantial penalties on persons who breach those provisions 
and applies to the extent of any inconsistency between it and this Policy. 
The requirements imposed by this Policy are in addition to any legal prohibitions on insider 
trading. A person who possesses Inside Information is prohibited from trading and this 
applies even where: 
(a) 
the Dealing occurs outside a Black-out Period; 
(b) 
the Dealing falls within an exclusion in this Policy; or 
(c) 
Disposal Consent has been given under this Policy (whether in exceptional 
circumstances or otherwise). 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
2 
2.2. Possession of inside information 
An individual is responsible for assessing whether they possess “Inside Information”. This 
occurs where: 
(a) 
the person possesses information that is not generally available to the public and, if the 
information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a 
material effect on the price or value of Company Securities (or a decision whether or 
not to trade in them); and 
(b) 
the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the information is not generally 
available and, if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to 
have a material effect on the price or value of Company Securities (or a decision 
whether or not to trade in them). 
For the purposes of clause 2.2(b), a reasonable person would be taken to expect information 
to have a material effect on the price or value of securities if the information would, or would 
be likely to, influence a person who commonly invests in securities to either deal or not deal 
in securities in any way. Annexure A provides further details about what constitutes Inside 
Information. 
 
3. 
Dealing in Company Securities 
3.1 
When a Designated Person may Deal in Company Securities 
A Designated Person may Deal in Company Securities at any time unless restricted from 
doing so under clause 3.2 (When a Designated Person May Not Deal) and subject to 
complying with clause 6 (Approval and notification requirements). 
3.2 
When a Designated Person may not Deal in Company Securities 
A Designated Person may not Deal in Company Securities at any time if he or she has: 
(a) 
information that he or she knows, or ought reasonably to know, is Inside Information; or 
(b) 
not complied with clause 6 (Approval and notification requirements). 
In addition to the above restrictions and subject to clause 5 (Exceptions), a Designated 
Person may not Deal in Company Securities during the following designated Black-out 
Periods: 
(a) 
the period 7 days prior to the end of April, July, October and January until the business 
day after the release of the Company’s relevant quarterly report; 
(b) 
the period two weeks prior to, and 24 hours after the release of the Company’s half-
year results; 
(c) 
the period two weeks prior to, and 24 hours after the release of the Company’s full-year 
results; and 
(d) 
any other period determined by the Chair in consultation with the Company Secretary 
to be a Black-out Period from time to time. 
3.3 
When CYM Personnel (other than a Designated Person) may Deal 
CYM Personnel (who is not a Designated Person) may, at any time, Deal in Company 
Securities if he or she does not have information that he or she knows, or ought reasonably 
to know, is Inside Information. 
For personal use only

 
 
3 
3.4 
When CYM Personnel (other than a Designated Person) may not Deal 
CYM Personnel (who is not a Designated Person) who has information that he or she knows, 
or ought reasonably to know, is Inside Information may not Deal in Company Securities. 
 
4. 
Ad-Hoc Restrictions 
The Company may impose, without notice and in its sole and absolute discretion, additional 
restrictions on Dealing in Company Securities by any or all Designated Persons as the 
Company considers appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may impose ad-
hoc restrictions under this clause even where the proposed Dealing would otherwise take 
place outside a Black-out Period provided for in this Policy. Any restriction communicated by 
the Company to any or all Designated Persons under this clause must be kept strictly 
confidential. 
 
5. 
Exceptions 
5.1 
Permitted dealings 
Subject to not being in the possession of Inside Information, a Designated Person may at any 
time: 
(a) 
transfer Company Securities already held into a superannuation fund or other saving 
scheme in which the Designated Person is a beneficiary; 
(b) 
invest in, or trade in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in Company Securities) where the assets of the fund or scheme are invested 
at the discretion of a third party; 
(c) 
undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer; 
(d) 
participate in an offer or invitation made to all or most security holders, including a 
rights issue, equal access buy-back, security purchase plan or dividend or distribution 
reinvestment plan, where the timing and structure of the offer or invitation has been 
approved by the Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up 
the entitlements and sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the 
balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
(e) 
acquire, or agree to acquire, Company Securities under any employee incentive 
scheme or exercise/convert (but not Deal with the Company Securities following 
exercise/conversion) an option or right under an employee incentive scheme; 
(f) 
acquire Company Securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of securities of 
the same class; and 
(g) 
acquire Company Securities under a dividend reinvestment, or top-up plan that is 
available to all holders of securities of the same class; and 
(h) 
participate in a pre-determined investment or divestment plan (for which prior approval 
has been obtained) where the Designed Person did not enter into or amend the plan 
during the Blackout Period, the plan does not permit the Designated Person to 
exercise any discretion over how, when or whether to acquire or dispose of Company 
Securities, and this plan cannot be cancelled in a Blackout Period (other than in 
exceptional circumstances). 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
4 
5.2 
Approval to dispose or transfer Company Securities in exceptional circumstances 
(a) 
In exceptional circumstances a Designated Person may seek written approval from the 
Chair (Approval Officer) to dispose of or transfer (but not acquire or otherwise Deal 
with) Company Securities during a Black-out Period (Disposal Consent). If the 
Designated Person is a Director, Disposal Consent may be sought from the Board. 
(b) 
The Approval Officer or Board will act with caution in determining whether there are 
exceptional circumstances, which may include, but will not be limited to, where: 
(i) 
the Designated Person is in severe financial hardship and a pressing financial 
commitment cannot be satisfied otherwise than by disposing of Company 
Securities; or 
(ii) 
the Designated Person is required by a court order, or there are court 
enforceability undertakings, to transfer or dispose of Company Securities or 
there is some other overriding legal regulatory requirement for them to do so. 
(c) 
A Designated Person seeking Disposal Consent based on clause 5.2(b)(i) must provide 
the Approval Officer or Board with: 
(i) 
a written application stating all of the facts; and 
(ii) 
copies of relevant supporting documentation, including contact details of the 
Designated Person’s accountant, bank and other such independent institutions 
(where applicable). 
(d) 
A Designated Person seeking Disposal Consent based on clause 5.2(b)(ii) must 
provide the Approval Officer or Board with a written application accompanied by 
relevant court and/or supporting legal documentation (where applicable). 
(e) 
Any decision to grant or refuse to grant Disposal Consent by the Approval Officer or 
Board: 
(i) 
may be made only if that Designated Person is not in possession of Inside 
Information; 
(ii) 
may be made in the Approval Officer’s or Board’s absolute discretion, without 
giving any reasons; 
(iii) 
can be withdrawn (if clearance has been given) if new information comes to light 
or there is a change in circumstances; 
(iv) is final and binding on the Designated Person seeking clearance; 
(v) 
must be kept strictly confidential by the Designated Person and not disclosed to 
any other person (unless otherwise required by law or the ASX Listing Rules); 
and 
(vi) may be made on such terms and conditions (including the duration of the right to 
dispose or transfer) as considered reasonable in the circumstances by the 
Approval Officer or Board. 
(f) 
In deciding whether to grant Disposal Consent, the Approval Officer or Board will 
consider the need to minimise the risk of insider trading, and also to avoid the 
appearance of insider trading and the significant reputational damage that may cause. 
(g) 
The Approval Officer will notify the Board of any Disposal Consent granted to a 
Designated Person. 
(h) 
A Disposal Consent, if granted, will be issued in writing to the Designated Person and 
will contain a specified time period during which the disposal or transfer can be made. 
(i) 
Any Disposal Consent granted under clause 5.2(e) is not an endorsement to dispose of 
or transfer Company Securities. The Designated Person doing the trading is 
individually responsible for their investment decisions and their compliance with insider 
trading laws. The Designated Person must carefully consider whether they are in 
For personal use only

 
 
5 
possession of any Inside Information that might preclude them from trading at that 
time. If the Designated Person is in any doubt, they should not trade. 
(j) 
If a Designated Person comes into possession of Inside Information after receiving a 
Disposal Consent, they must not trade despite having received the consent. 
 
6. 
Approval and Notification Requirements 
6.1 Approval requirements 
(a) 
Any Designated Person (other than a Director) wishing to Deal in Company Securities 
must obtain the prior written approval of the Chair before doing so. 
(b) 
In the case of a Director, prior written approval to Deal in Company Securities must be 
obtained from the Chair. If the Chair wishes to Deal in Company Securities, the Chair 
must obtain the prior written approval of the Board before doing so. 
6.2 Approvals to Deal 
(a) 
All requests to Deal in Company Securities as referred to in clause 6.1 must: 
(i) 
include the intended volume of Company Securities to be Dealt in and an 
estimated time frame for the Dealing; and 
(ii) 
confirm that the Designated Person is not in possession of Inside Information. 
(b) 
Copies of written approvals must be forwarded to the Company Secretary prior to the 
approved Dealing. 
6.3 Notification 
(a) 
Subsequent to approval obtained in accordance with clause 6.2, any Designated 
Person who Deals in Company Securities must notify the Company Secretary in 
writing: 
(i) 
of the details of the transaction within five business days of the Dealing 
occurring; and 
(ii) 
if they begin to have, or cease to have, a “substantial holding” (as defined in 
section 9 of the Corporations Act) in the Company, or if they have a substantial 
holding in the Company and there is a movement of at least 1% in their holding. 
(b) 
The notification obligation in clause 6.3(a)(i) operates at all times unless otherwise 
advised by the Company Secretary. 
 
7. 
Other Restrictions 
7.1 Incomplete Buy or Sell Orders 
(a) 
Buy or sell orders for Company Securities which are placed but not completed outside 
of a Black-out Period are subject to the following restrictions once the Black-out Period 
commences: 
(i) 
the order must be completed within five trading days otherwise it will lapse; and 
(ii) 
the order cannot be varied. 
(b) 
Any order subject to this procedure should be notified in writing to the Company 
Secretary within 24 hours of the Black-out Period commencing. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
6 
7.2 No short-term trading 
Under no circumstances should CYM Personnel engage in short-term or speculative trading 
in Company Securities. This prohibition includes short term direct dealing in Company 
Securities as well as transactions in the derivative markets, involving exchange traded 
options, share warrants, contracts for difference, and other similar instruments, which are 
short term or speculative. 
7.3 No short selling 
Under no circumstances should CYM Personnel enter into transactions involving Company 
Securities that are, or might reasonably be perceived to be, short selling 
7.4 No hedging transactions 
The entering into of all types of hedging transactions or “protection arrangements” for any 
Company Securities: 
(a) 
is prohibited at any time in respect of any Company Securities which are unvested or 
subject to a holding lock; and 
(b) 
otherwise, requires approval under clause 6. 
For the avoidance of doubt and without limiting the generality of this Policy, entering into 
protection arrangements includes entering into transactions which: 
(a) 
operate to limit the economic risk of any CYM Personnel’s security holding (e.g. 
hedging arrangements) including Company Securities held beneficially (for example, in 
trust or under an incentive plan) on that CYM Personnel’s behalf; or 
(b) 
otherwise enable a CYM Personnel to profit from a decrease in the market price of 
securities. 
7.5 Prohibition on Margin Loan arrangements 
Any CYM Personnel may not: 
(a) 
enter into a Margin Loan or similar funding arrangement to acquire any Company 
Securities; or 
(b) 
use Company Securities as security for a Margin Loan or similar funding arrangement. 
7.6 Securities of other companies 
The prohibitions in the Corporations Act against insider trading applies equally to where 
Inside Information is being held by a person about another listed company or entity. This 
may occur, for example, where in the course of negotiating a transaction with the Company, 
another listed entity provides confidential information about itself or another listed entity. 
Accordingly, if a person possesses Inside Information in relation to the securities of another 
listed entity, they must not Deal in those securities. 
 
8. 
Penalties 
Insider trading is a criminal offence. A person who commits a breach of the insider trading 
provisions could be subject to both civil and criminal penalties for the individual and for the 
Company. 
In addition, the insider trader, and any other persons involved in the contravention, may also 
be liable to compensate third parties for any resulting loss. 
For personal use only

 
 
7 
9. 
Policy Compliance 
During the year the Company may require confirmation from Designated Persons that they 
have complied with this Policy. The Company may also require confirmation (or declarations) 
of holdings in securities. All such requested information must be supplied within five 
business days of the request being made. 
A breach of this Policy will be regarded as serious misconduct and may lead to disciplinary 
action being taken (including termination of employment). If the Company becomes aware of 
any breach of this Policy, then the Company may report such breach to the Australian 
Securities and Investments Commission. 
 
10. 
ASX Notifications 
(a) 
The Company must notify ASX within 5 business days after any change to a Director’s 
relevant interest in Company Securities or a related body corporate of the Company, 
including whether the change occurred inside a Black-out Period and, if so, whether 
prior written clearance was provided. 
(b) 
To enable the Company to comply with the obligation set out in clause 10(a), a Director 
must immediately (and no later than 4 business days after any relevant event) notify 
the Company Secretary in writing of the requisite information for the Company 
Secretary to make the necessary notifications to the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission and ASX as required under the Corporations Act and ASX 
Listing Rules. 
 
11. 
Contact and Publication 
If anyone is in any doubt regarding their proposed Dealing in Company Securities, they 
should contact the Company Secretary. 
This Policy will be lodged with ASX and also be made available from the Company website at 
https://cypriummetals.com/about-us/corporate-governance/.  
 
12. 
Review and Assessment 
This Policy shall be reviewed annually by the Board to ensure that it is operating effectively. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
8 
13. 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of this Policy: 
Black-out Periods 
means those periods detailed in clause 3.2(a) and any other period 
determined by the Chair in consultation with the Company Secretary 
when Designated Persons may not Deal in Company Securities. 
Chair 
means the Director appointed as Chair of the board of Directors of 
the Company. 
Company 
means Cyprium Metals Limited ACN 002 678 640. 
Company Securities 
includes shares, options, warrants, derivatives and interests in shares 
(including vested options and vested performance share rights) 
linked in any way to the underlying price of shares in the Company. 
Corporations Act 
means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), as amended or modified 
from time to time. 
Deal or Dealing 
includes: 
(a) 
applying for, acquiring or disposing of securities; 
(b) 
entering into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of, 
securities; and 
(c) 
granting, accepting, acquiring, disposing, exercising or 
discharging an option or other right or obligation to acquire or 
dispose of securities, 
or procuring another person to do any action referred to in 
paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) above. 
Designated Persons 
means each of: 
(a) 
the Directors of the Company; 
(b) 
Key Management Personnel (as defined in the Corporations 
Act) and their direct reports; 
(c) 
any other person who, directly or indirectly, has the authority 
and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the 
activities of the Company; 
(d) 
any other person the Board of Directors designate as a 
Designated Person in writing; 
(e) 
in relation to those persons identified in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) 
and (d) above, the following people (considered to be closely 
connected persons or entities) are also deemed to be 
Designated Persons: 
(i) 
their spouse (including a de facto spouse) or any of their 
children (including a step-child or adopted child) under 
the age of 18 years; 
(ii) 
a person financially dependent on or acting in concert 
with any of those persons; and 
(iii) a trust or company which they or any close family 
members control or have an interest in. 
Director 
means a director of the Company. 
For personal use only

 
 
9 
Inside Information 
means information which is not generally available to the market and, 
if it were generally available to the market, would be likely to have a 
material effect on the price or value of securities. Annexure A 
provides further details about what constitutes Inside Information. 
Margin Loan 
means any lending or similar arrangement allowing a person to 
borrow money to invest in securities using existing investments as 
security. 
 
 
 
Approved by the Board: 
27 June 2024 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
10 
ANNEXURE A – INSIDE INFORMATION 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
1. 
Inside Information  
Inside Information means information which is not generally available to the market and, if it 
were generally available to the market, would be likely to have a material effect on the price 
or value of securities. 
 
2. 
Information that is generally available 
(a) 
Information is considered to be generally available if: 
(i) 
it consists of readily observable matter; or 
(ii) 
it has been made known in a manner likely to bring it to the attention of investors 
in securities and a reasonable period for dissemination of that information has 
elapsed; or 
(iii) 
it may be deduced, inferred or concluded from the above. 
(b) 
Information will be generally available if it has been released to the ASX, published in 
an annual report or prospectus or otherwise been made generally available to the 
investing public and a reasonable period of time has elapsed after the information has 
been disseminated in one of these ways. 
(c) 
For the purposes of the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act, information 
is defined broadly and includes matters of supposition and other matters which are 
insufficiently definite to warrant being made known to the public. It also includes 
matters relating to the intentions of a person. 
 
3. 
Material effect on price of securities 
(a) 
Information is considered by the Corporations Act to be likely to have a material effect 
on the price or value of securities of a company if the information would, or would be 
likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or 
not to subscribe for, buy or sell those securities. 
(b) 
It is not possible to list all of information that may be material, however, the following 
type of information would be likely to be considered to have a material effect on the 
Company's share price: 
(i) 
information regarding a material increase or decrease in the Company's financial 
performance from previous results or forecasts, such as changes to profit results; 
(ii) 
a proposed material business or asset acquisition or sale; 
(iii) 
the damage or destruction of a material operation of the Company; 
(iv) proposed material legal proceedings to be initiated by or against the Company; 
(v) 
regulatory action or investigations undertaken by a government authority; 
(vi) the launch of a new business or material new product; or 
(vii) a proposal to undertake a new issue of securities or. major change in financing. 
 
For personal use only
