ASX Announcement 
 
2 December 2024 
 
Revised Securities Dealing Policy 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, Dalrymple Bay Infrastructure Limited (ASX:DBI) (“DBI” or 
“the Company”) releases DBI’s revised Securities Dealing Policy. 
 
A copy of the Securities Dealing Policy is also available on DBI’s website at 
https://dbinfrastructure.com.au/corporate-governance/overview/ 
 
-ENDS- 
 
Authorised for release by the Disclosure Committee of Dalrymple Bay Infrastructure Limited 
 
More information 
 
Investors  
Media  
Craig Sainsbury 
craig.sainsbury@automicgroup.com.au 
+61 428 550 499
Rama Razy 
rama.razy@automicgroup.com.au 
+61 498 440 142
 
About Dalrymple Bay Infrastructure 
Dalrymple Bay Infrastructure (DBI) through its foundation asset, the Dalrymple Bay Terminal (DBT), aims to provide safe and efficient 
terminal infrastructure and services for producers and consumers of high quality Australian coal exports. DBT, as the world’s largest 
metallurgical coal export facility, serves as a global gateway from the Bowen Basin and is a critical link in the global steelmaking supply 
chain. By providing operational excellence and options for capacity expansions to meet expected strong export demand for metallurgical 
coal, DBI intends to deliver value to security holders through stable cashflows and ongoing investment to support distributions and 
growth. dbinfrastructure.com.au  
 
Forward Looking Statements  
  
This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, operations and business of the 
Company and certain plans and objectives of the management of DBI. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-
looking terminology, including, without limitation, the terms “believes”, “estimates”, “anticipates”, “expects, “predicts”, “intends”, 
“plans”, “goals”, “targets”, “aims”, “outlook”, “guidance”, “forecasts”, “may”, “will”, “would”, “could” or “should” or, in each case, their 
negative or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical 
facts.  Such forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which because of their nature 
may cause the actual results or performance of the Company to be materially different from the results or performance expressed or 
implied by such forward looking statements. Actual results may materially vary from any forecasts in this announcement. No 
representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to the fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness of the information, 
opinions and conclusions contained in this announcement. To the maximum extent permitted by law, none of DBI, its directors, 
employees or agents, nor any other person accepts any liability, including, without limitation, any liability arising out of fault or negligence, 
for any loss arising from the use of the information contained in this announcement. In particular, no representation or warranty, express 
or implied is given as to the accuracy, completeness or correctness, likelihood of achievement or reasonableness of any forecasts, 
prospects or returns contained in this announcement nor is any obligation assumed to update such information. Such forecasts, prospects 
or returns are by their nature subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies. Before making an investment decision, you should 
consider, with or without the assistance of a financial adviser, whether an investment is appropriate in light of your particular investment 
needs, objectives and financial circumstances.  
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
Dalrymple Bay Infrastructure Limited 
Reviewed by the Board on 27 November 2024 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
GOV-POL-COD-1041
Securities Dealing Policy
page 1
 
1 
What is this Policy about? 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
 
ensure that public confidence is maintained in the reputation of Dalrymple Bay 
Infrastructure Limited and its subsidiaries (DBI), directors and employees of the 
Group and in the trading of DBI’s securities; 
 
outline the policy and procedures that apply to directors and employees when 
dealing in DBI’s securities; and  
 
outline the process directors and employees must follow when seeking approval 
for all dealings in DBI’s securities at any time; 
 
recognise that some types of dealing in securities are prohibited by law. 
DBI will take a substance over form approach and will have regard to the intent and spirit 
of this Policy when applying and enforcing it.  
2 
Who must comply with this Policy? 
This Policy applies to all Directors of DBI and employees (collectively, Employees). 
Employees must also take steps in relation to dealings by their Connected Persons. See 
section 5.2 for further information in relation to Connected Persons. 
3 
Restrictions applying to all Employees 
3.1 
No dealing while in possession of Inside Information 
Employees must not deal in DBI’s securities if: 
 
they have not obtained approval under Section 4 of this Policy;  
 
they are aware of Inside Information in relation to DBI; or 
 
DBI has notified Employees that they must not deal in securities (either for a 
specified period, or until DBI gives further notice). 
Inside Information is information that: 
 
is not generally available to the market; and  
 
if it were generally available to the market, a reasonable person would expect it 
to have a material effect (upwards or downwards) on the price or value of a 
security. 
Inside Information may include matters of supposition, matters that are not yet certain 
and matters relating to a person’s intentions. 
Section 7 contains further details regarding the scope of the insider trading laws. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
GOV-POL-COD-1041
Securities Dealing Policy
page 2
 
3.2 
The Front Page Test 
It is important that public confidence in DBI is maintained. It would be damaging to DBI’s 
reputation if the market or the general public perceived that Employees might be taking 
advantage of their position in DBI to make financial gains (by dealing in securities on the 
basis of Inside Information).  
As a guiding principle, Employees should ask themselves: 
If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to be 
taking advantage of my position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the 
transaction were reported on the front page of the newspaper? (The Front Page Test) 
If the Employee is unsure, he or she should consult the Company Secretary. 
Where any approval is required for a dealing under this Policy, approval will not be 
granted where the dealing would not satisfy the Front Page Test. 
3.3 
No dealing in blackout periods 
Employees must not deal in DBI’s securities during any of the following blackout periods:  
 
the period from the close of trading on the ASX on 31 December each year until 
the day following the announcement to ASX of the full-year results;  
 
the period from the close of trading on the ASX on 30 June each year until the 
day following the announcement to ASX of the half-year results; and 
 
any other period that the Board specifies from time to time. 
3.4 
No short-term or speculative dealing 
Employees must not deal in DBI’s securities on a short-term trading basis. Short-term 
trading includes buying and selling securities on market within a 3 month period, and 
entering into other short term dealings (for example, forward contracts).  
Selling securities received on vesting of entitlements under an employee, executive or 
director equity plan within 3 months of the vesting date is not a short-term dealing. 
Employees must not deal in DBI securities on a speculative basis, including short-selling. 
Short-selling involves borrowing and selling securities in the hope that they can be bought 
back at a lower price in the future to close out the short position at a profit. 
3.5 
Margin lending arrangements 
Employees are prohibited from entering into a margin lending arrangement in respect of 
DBI securities.   
3.6 
Hedging of Company securities 
Hedging includes entering into any arrangements that operate to limit the economic risk 
associated with holding DBI securities. 
DBI securities acquired under an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by 
DBI must never be hedged prior to vesting.  
DBI securities must never be hedged while they are subject to a holding lock or restriction 
on dealing under the terms of an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by 
DBI. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
GOV-POL-COD-1041
Securities Dealing Policy
page 3
 
3.7 
Dealing in other companies’ securities 
Employees may come into possession of Inside Information regarding another company 
where they are directly involved in client relationship management or negotiating 
contracts. For example, an employee may become aware that DBI is about to sign a 
major agreement with another company. 
Employees must not deal in the securities in another company if they are aware of Inside 
Information in relation to that company, no matter how they came into possession of the 
Inside Information.  
4 
Approval process 
4.1 
Approval required for dealing outside blackout periods 
(a) 
During any period that is not a trading blackout period under section 3.3, 
Employees must, prior to any proposed dealing, seek approval for the proposed 
dealing in DBI’s securities.  
(b) 
There are certain times during the year when approval under this Policy is more 
likely to be granted. These are the 4 week periods immediately following: 
(1) 
the day after release of DBI’s full-year results; and 
(2) 
the day after release of DBI’s half-year results;  
Employees who wish to seek approval to trade under this Policy are 
encouraged to do so during these periods in accordance with Section 4.3. 
Trading at any time (even if approval has been obtained under this Policy) 
remains subject to the insider trading prohibition in the Corporations Act. 
4.2 
Exceptional circumstances for dealings during a blackout period 
If an Employee needs to deal in securities during a blackout period due to exceptional 
circumstances and is not in possession of any Inside Information, then, they may apply 
for approval to deal. Exceptional circumstances are likely to include severe financial 
hardship or compulsion by court order. 
Approval to deal will only be granted if the Employee’s application is accompanied by 
sufficient evidence (in the opinion of the person providing clearance) that the dealing is 
the most reasonable course of action available in the circumstances.  
Unless otherwise specified in the clearance notice, any dealing permitted under this 
section 4 must comply with the other sections of this Policy (to the extent applicable). 
4.3 
Written request process  
(a) 
Requests for approval under 4.1 or 4.2 should be submitted to the Company 
Secretary, who will forward it to: 
(1) 
the Chair of the Board (in the case of the CEO or other Directors);  
(2) 
the Chair of the Finance and Audit Committee (in the case of the 
Chair of the Board); and 
(3) 
the CEO (in all other cases). 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
GOV-POL-COD-1041
Securities Dealing Policy
page 4
 
(b) 
A request for approval to deal will be answered as soon as practicable. The 
approver, having consulted with members of management as appropriate, may:  
(1) 
grant or refuse the request; 
(2) 
impose conditions on the dealing in their discretion. 
(c) 
The approver is not obliged to provide reasons for any aspect of their decision, 
and may revoke their approval at any time. If a request is not approved or an 
approval is revoked, that fact must be kept confidential. 
(d) 
Following receipt of approval to deal, the approved dealing must occur within 3 
business days following approval (or such other time specified in the approval), 
otherwise the approval is no longer effective and fresh approval must be 
sought. 
(e) 
The Company Secretary must keep a record of all approvals sought and 
granted under this Policy. 
(f) 
Approval under this Policy is not an endorsement of the dealing. Employees are 
responsible for their own compliance with the law. 
5 
Additional restrictions 
5.1 
Directors – confirmation of trade required 
Following any trade, Directors must promptly notify the Company Secretary, ideally by 
close of business on the day the trade is entered into. This is to assist the Company to 
comply with its disclosure obligations under the ASX Listing Rules.  
5.2 
Connected Persons 
Employees must take appropriate steps to ensure that their “Connected Persons” only 
deal in securities in circumstances where the Employee to whom they are connected 
would be permitted to deal under this Policy, for example, by obtaining clearance in 
accordance with this Policy in respect of the Connected Persons’ dealings.  
Connected Persons are: 
 
a family member who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, the 
Employee in his or her dealings with  DBI or DBI securities (this may include the 
Employee’s spouse, partner and children, the children of the Employee’s 
partner, or dependants of the Employee or the Employee’s partner); and 
 
a company or any other entity which the Employee has an ability to control.  
6 
Excluded Dealings 
Sections 3.3, 3.4 and 4.2 of this Policy do not apply to:  
(a) 
participation in an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by DBI. 
However, where securities in DBI granted under an employee, executive or 
director equity plan cease to be held under the terms of that plan, any dealings 
in those securities must only occur in accordance with this Policy; 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
GOV-POL-COD-1041
Securities Dealing Policy
page 5
 
(b) 
the following categories of trades: 
 
acquisition of DBI securities through a dividend or distribution 
reinvestment plan; 
 
acquisition of DBI securities through a security purchase plan 
available to all retail securityholders; 
 
acquisition of DBI securities through a rights issue; and  
 
the disposal of DBI securities through the acceptance of a takeover 
offer, scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back;  
(c) 
dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the 
securities (for example, transfers of DBI securities already held into a 
superannuation fund or trust of which the Employee is a beneficiary); and 
(d) 
trading under a pre-approved non-discretionary trading plan, where the 
Employee did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a blackout 
period, the plan does not permit the Employee to exercise any influence or 
discretion in relation to trading under the plan and the plan cannot be cancelled 
during a blackout period, other than in exceptional circumstances;  
However, given such dealings remain subject to the insider trading rules in the 
Corporations Act. Employees should still consider any legal or reputational issues (and 
discuss any concerns they have with the Company Secretary) before proceeding with the 
dealing. 
7 
What are the rules about insider trading? 
Broadly speaking, the Corporations Act provides that a person who has Inside 
Information about a company must not:  
(a) 
buy or sell securities in a company, or enter in an agreement to buy or sell 
securities, or exercise options over securities, or otherwise apply for, acquire or 
dispose of securities (deal);  
(b) 
encourage someone else to deal in securities in that company; or  
(c) 
directly or indirectly provide that information to another person where they 
know, or ought to know, that that person is likely to deal in securities or 
encourage someone else to deal in securities of that company (tipping).  
These restrictions apply to all securities, not just DBI securities. 
8 
What happens if this Policy is breached? 
Breaches of this Policy will be regarded by DBI as serious and will be subject to 
appropriate sanctions. Any person who is suspected of breaching this Policy may be 
suspended from attending the workplace on full pay pending the outcome of 
investigations into the alleged breach. Any person who breaches this Policy could face 
disciplinary action (including forfeiture of securities and/or suspension or termination of 
employment). 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
GOV-POL-COD-1041
Securities Dealing Policy
page 6
 
Breaches of the insider trading laws have serious consequences for both the Employee 
concerned and DBI. Penalties under the Corporations Act include financial penalties and 
imprisonment. 
9 
Who should I contact? 
Employees should contact the Company Secretary if they are unsure about whether it is 
acceptable to deal or communicate with others in relation to DBI’s securities or other 
securities or if they have any other queries about this Policy. 
 
For personal use only
