 
 
 
 
DICKER DATA LIMITED 
SECURITY TRADING POLICY 
 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 1 
 
 
Security Trading Policy 
 
Dicker Data Limited (ACN 000 969 362) (Company) 
 
Approved by the Board on 25 November 2022 
 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Purpose 
This policy summarises the law relating to insider trading and sets out the Company’s policy on the 
buying and selling of the Company’s securities. 
The aim of the policy is to preserve the reputation and integrity of the Company via a framework 
through which those associated with the Company can deal in the Company’s securities, without 
any actual or perceived wrong doing.  
1.2 
Application of Policy 
 
This Policy applies as follows: 
• 
part 3 (insider trading laws) and part 9 (confidentiality) apply to everyone (including all 
Directors, officers, key management personnel, employees, contractors, their family and 
associates (“Relevant Persons”); 
• 
this whole trading policy applies to all Directors, Executives, contractors, officers and 
other key management personnel of the Group; and any other persons designated by 
the Board of the Company from time to time (each a “Designated Person”); For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Company will not treat (and the Board may not designate as a 
Designated Person) any holder of the Company’s Securities who is a professional or 
institutional investor, including if an executive or representative of that investor (or an 
affiliate of that investor) is:  
• 
a Director (or alternate Director) or officer on the Board of the Company or any committee 
of the Board of the Company; 
 
• 
a Director (or alternate Director) or officer on the Board of any Subsidiary of the Company 
(or any such committee of such Board); or 
 
• 
otherwise engaged by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries in an executive or professional 
advisory capacity; and 
• 
paragraph 5.5 (Associates) applies our trading policy to the associates of Designated 
Persons as specified in that paragraph. 
For the purposes of this policy, the following definitions apply:  
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
DICKER DATA LIMITED 
SECURITY TRADING POLICY 
 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 2 
 
Directors are defined in the Schedule attached to this Policy. 
Executives are defined in the Schedule attached to this Policy. 
1.3 
Further advice 
If you do not understand any aspect of this trading policy or are uncertain whether it applies to you 
or your family or associates, please contact the Company Secretary.  You may wish to obtain your 
own legal or financial advice before dealing in the Company’s securities.  
2. 
Objectives 
The objectives of this policy are to: 
 
a) 
minimise the risk of all employees, Directors, Executives and contractors of the Company 
of the Company contravening the laws against insider trading; 
b) 
ensure the Company is able to meet its reporting obligations under the ASX Listing Rules 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) requirements; and 
c) 
increase transparency with respect to trading in securities of the Company by employees, 
Directors, Executives and contractors. 
To achieve these objectives all employees, Directors, Executives and contractors of the Company 
should treat this policy as binding on them in the absence of specific exemption by the Board. 
3. 
General Insider Trading Prohibitions 
3.1 
Application 
If you have Inside Information (as defined under part 3.2 below) relating to the Company, the 
Corporations Act and the ASX Listing Rules prohibit you from trading in the Company’s securities. 
If you have Inside Information, there is a general prohibition (‘General Prohibition’) that you cannot: 
(a) 
deal in (that is, apply for, acquire or dispose of) the Company’s securities or enter into an 
agreement to do so or grant, accept, acquire, dispose, exercise or discharge an option or other 
right or obligation to acquire or dispose of the Company’s securities;  
(b) 
procure another person to deal in the Company’s securities or enter into an agreement to do 
so; or 
(c) 
directly or indirectly communicate, or cause to be communicated, that Inside Information to 
any other person if you know, or ought reasonably to know, that the person would or would 
be likely to use the information to deal in (or procure another person to deal in) the 
Company’s securities. 
Examples of 'dealing' in the Company's Securities 
 
Dealing in Company securities can include, but is not limited to:  
 
(a) 
buying or selling the Company's securities by way of an on-market or off-market 
transaction;  
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
DICKER DATA LIMITED 
SECURITY TRADING POLICY 
 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 3 
 
 
(b) 
granting, acquiring or disposing of a beneficial interest in the Company's securities, 
such as through a trust that holds the Company's securities;   
 
(c) 
applying for, acquiring or exercising options or rights over the Company's securities;  
 
(d) 
acquiring the Company's securities (or an interest in them) under any employee 
incentive plan operated by the Company;  
 
(e) 
accepting, or taking up entitlements under, a dividend reinvestment plan, rights 
issue, bonus issue, share purchase plan or any other offer of the Company's securities 
made by the Company;  
 
(f) 
accepting an offer under a takeover bid for the Company's securities; and 
 
(g) 
agreeing to do any of the above things.   
Options are included 
These prohibitions also apply to the application for, grant, exercise (save for in certain circumstances) 
or transfer of an option over the Company’s securities, and to the securities or financial products 
(each as defined in the Corporations Act) of other entities if you possess Inside Information about 
those entities. 
Any capacity 
It does not matter how or in what capacity you become aware of the Inside Information. It does not 
have to be obtained from the Company to be Inside Information. 
No giving “tips” 
You cannot avoid the insider trading prohibition by arranging for a member of your family or a friend 
to deal in the Company’s Securities nor may you give “tips” concerning Inside Information relating to 
the Company to others. 
These above prohibitions apply to all Relevant Persons (including Designated Persons) at all times. 
3.2 
What is Inside Information? 
Inside Information is information about the Company: 
(a) 
which is not generally available; and 
(b) 
if it was generally available, would be likely to have a material effect on the price or value of 
the Company’s securities. It can include matters of speculation or supposition and matters 
relating to intentions or likely intentions, of a person. 
Information, in respect of the Company, is regarded as being likely to have a material effect if it 
would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities or other traded 
financial products in deciding whether or not to deal in the Company’s securities. 
Inside information is also called ‘material price-sensitive information’. It need not relate only to the 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
DICKER DATA LIMITED 
SECURITY TRADING POLICY 
 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 4 
 
Company. It could also be information about a customer or supplier or a party with whom the 
Company is discussing future opportunities or negotiating a significant transaction. 
Examples of Inside Information could be (this list is not exhaustive): 
(a) 
The financial performance of the Company against its budget or against forecasts; 
(b) 
Changes in the actual or anticipated financial condition or business performance of the 
Company; 
(c) 
Changes in the capital structure of the Company, including proposals to raise additional equity 
or borrowings; 
(d) 
Proposed changes in the nature of the business of the Company; 
(e) 
Changes to the Board of the Company or significant changes in key management personnel; 
(f) 
An undisclosed significant change in the Company’s market share; 
(g) 
Likely or actual entry into, or loss of, a material contract; 
(h) 
Material acquisitions or sales of assets by the Company; 
(i) 
A proposed dividend or other distribution or a change in dividend policy; or 
(j) 
A material claim against the Company or other unexpected liability. 
3.3 
When is information generally available? 
Information is generally available if: 
(a) 
it consists of readily observable matter or deductions; 
(b) 
it has been brought to the attention of investors through an announcement to ASX Limited 
(ASX) or otherwise similarly brought to the attention of investors who commonly invest in 
securities, and a reasonable period has elapsed since it was announced or brought to investors’ 
attention; or 
(c) 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information referred 
to in paragraphs (a) or (b) above. 
Examples of possible readily observable matters are: 
(a) 
a change in legislation which will affect the Company’s ability to make certain types of 
investments; or 
(b) 
a severe downturn in global securities markets. 
3.4 
Penalties 
Breaching the insider trading laws may subject you to: 
(a) 
Criminal liability - penalties include heavy fines and imprisonment; 
(b) 
Civil liability - you can be sued by another party or the Company for any loss suffered as a result 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
DICKER DATA LIMITED 
SECURITY TRADING POLICY 
 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 5 
 
of illegal trading activities; 
(c) 
Civil penalty provisions - civil penalties may be sought against you and a court order may even be 
sought to disqualify you from managing a corporation. 
Breach of the law, this policy, or both, will also be regarded by the Company as serious conduct which 
may lead to disciplinary action or dismissal.  
4. 
No Dealing in Prohibited Periods by Designated Persons 
A Designated Person or his or her associate must not, in any circumstances, deal or procure another 
person to deal in the Company’s securities if he or she has Inside Information in relation to the 
Company’s securities.  
Designated Persons or his or her associate must not deal in the Company’s securities during the 
following prohibited periods (‘Prohibited Periods’) (except in accordance with this policy). 
The Prohibited Periods are: 
(a) 
The period commencing 1 January and ending the day after the release of the annual results; 
(b) 
The period commencing 1 July and ending the day after the release of the half year results; 
(c) 
Within the period 1 month prior to the issue of a prospectus; and 
(d) 
Any extension to a closed period and any other period determined by the Board from time to 
time. 
Further, the Board has absolute discretion to place restrictions on some or all Designated Persons 
and/or their associates trading in the Company’s securities at any time. 
5. 
Dealing by Designated Persons Outside Prohibited Periods 
5.1 
Prior notification and clearance required for Designated Persons outside of Prohibited Periods 
If a Designated Person proposes to deal in the Company’s securities (including entering into an 
agreement to deal) at any time they must: 
(a) 
advise of their intention to the notification officer who is the Company Secretary (‘Notification 
Officer’); and 
(b) 
receive written confirmation from the Notification Officer to enable monitoring of the trading 
activity.  
The relevant Notification Officer may appoint a delegate to act on his or her behalf in the case of 
temporary absence. 
A clearance by the relevant Notification Officer to a notification from a Designated Person should be 
issued within one business day and expires five business days from the date of clearance, unless it 
specifies a different expiry date.   
A clearance to trade confirms that the proposed dealing by the Designated Person is within the terms 
of the trading policy but does not otherwise constitute approval or endorsement by the Company or 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
DICKER DATA LIMITED 
SECURITY TRADING POLICY 
 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 6 
 
the Notification Officer for the proposed dealing. Even if a clearance is granted, a Designated Person 
remains personally responsible for assessing whether the General Prohibition applies to them. 
5.2 
Notification of dealing 
In addition to providing prior notification and seeking clearance, Designated Persons must confirm in 
writing to the Company Secretary, as soon as reasonably possible and in any event within three 
business days from when the dealing in the Company’s securities has occurred, the number of 
Company’s securities affected and the relevant parties to the dealing. 
A register of Directors’ interests in the Company’s securities is kept by the Company Secretary. 
5.3 
Notification of dealings in securities – directors – legal and other considerations 
ASX Listing Rules 3.19A and 3.19B require the Company to notify dealing in securities by Directors 
within 5 business days.  Three appendices are included in the ASX Listing Rules for the purpose of this 
notification, being 3X Initial Director’s Interest Notice, 3Y Change of Director’s Interest Notice and 3Z 
Final Director’s Interest Notice.   
Section 205G of the Corporations Act 2001 requires a Director of a listed company to notify ASX within 
14 days of acquiring or disposing of a relevant interest in any securities of the Company.  This is an 
obligation of the Director, not the Company.  There is no prescribed form for such notifications.  ASIC 
has granted class order relief from the requirements of section 205G where notifications are made 
by the Company under Listing Rules 3.19A and 3.19B. 
 
5.4 
Securities of other entities 
The Board may extend this policy by specifying that Designated Persons are also restricted from 
dealing in the securities of other specified entities with which the Company may have a close 
relationship. 
5.5 
Associates 
This policy also applies to associates of Designated Persons, except with respect to prior notification, 
clearance and notification of dealing. A Designated Person must communicate on behalf of their 
associate with the Notification Officer for the purposes of this policy.  
6. 
Exceptional Circumstances 
A Designated Person may request, and the Notification Officer may give, prior confirmation clearance 
for the Designated Person to: 
(a) 
deal in Company securities during a Prohibited Period; or 
(b) 
dispose of Company securities even if otherwise prohibited, 
if there are exceptional circumstances (except if this would breach the General Prohibition). 
Exceptional circumstances may include: 
(a) 
severe financial hardship, for example, a pressing financial commitment that 
cannot be 
satisfied otherwise than by selling the relevant Company securities; 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
DICKER DATA LIMITED 
SECURITY TRADING POLICY 
 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 7 
 
(b) 
requirements under a court order or court enforceable undertakings or other legal or 
regulatory requirements; or 
(c) 
other exceptional circumstances as determined by the Chair of the Board (or the Chair of the 
Audit and Risk Management Committee where the Chair is involved). 
If the Notification Officer has any doubt in making a determination of exceptional circumstances, they 
should exercise the discretion with caution. The Notification Officer also has discretion to determine 
that circumstances other than those set out above nevertheless warrant the provision of a 
confirmation.  
The requirements with respect to prior notification, clearance and notification of dealing under part 
5 all continue to apply to a Designated Person where exceptional circumstances apply. 
7. 
Permitted Dealings 
The following types of dealing may be undertaken at any time without requiring prior notification, 
approval or confirmation of dealing, subject to the General Prohibition: 
(a) 
(superannuation) transfers of securities which are already held in a superannuation fund or 
other saving scheme in which the Designated Person is a beneficiary (excluding self-managed 
superannuation funds (SMSF) where the Designated Person is a Trustee of the SMSF or a 
director of the trustee of the SMSF); 
(b) 
(third parties) an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a 
scheme only investing in Company securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme 
are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
(c) 
(other trustees) where a Designated Person is a trustee, trading in Company securities by the 
respective trust provided the Designated Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any 
decision to trade during a Prohibited Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment 
managers independently of the Person; 
(d) 
(takeover) undertaking to accept or accepting an offer for Company securities made under a 
takeover bid or disposing of Company securities under a court approved compromise or 
arrangement under Part 5.1 of the Corporations Act;  
(e) 
(rights offers, SPPs, DRPs and buy-backs) trading under an offer or invitation made to all or 
most of the security holders, such as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or 
distribution reinvestment plan and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines 
the timing and structure of the offer has been approved by the Company’s Board. This includes 
decisions relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements 
required to provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro 
rata issue; 
(f) 
(lender disposal) a disposal of Company’s securities that is the result of a secured lender 
exercising their rights. However, this does not extend to disposal under any margin lending 
agreements, where such agreements are prohibited by this policy; 
(g) 
(incentive scheme) the exercise (but not the sale of the Company’s securities following exercise) 
of an option or right under an employee incentive scheme, or the conversion of a convertible 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
DICKER DATA LIMITED 
SECURITY TRADING POLICY 
 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 8 
 
security, where the final date for the exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of the 
security, falls during a Prohibited Period and the Company has been in an exceptionally long 
Prohibited Period or the Company has had a number of consecutive Prohibited Periods and the 
Designated Person could not reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a time when free 
to do so; 
(h) 
(dividend reinvestment plan) acquiring the Company’s securities under the terms of the 
Company’s dividend reinvestment plan where the Designated Person did not enter into the 
plan or amend their participation in the plan during a Prohibited Period; 
(i) 
(no change in beneficial interest) trading the Company’s securities where the trading results in 
no change in beneficial interest in the Company’s securities. However, the requirements of 
parts 5.1 and 5.2 must be complied with;  
(j) 
(bona fide gifts) gifting of the Company’s securities to an individual by a third party; 
(k) 
(family transactions) transactions between an individual and a close family member or civil 
partner;  
(l) 
(performance hurdles) vesting (but not subsequent sale) of the Company’s securities as a 
result of meeting performance hurdles or release of the Company’s securities from holding 
lock or holding term in respect of securities received by individuals as part of performance- 
based remuneration; and 
(m) 
(subscription under disclosure document) subscribing for Company securities under 
a 
disclosure document. 
Under the insider trading laws, a person who possesses Inside Information may be prohibited from 
trading even where the trading falls within an exception specified above. 
8. 
Further restrictions 
8.1 
No margin lending 
Designated Persons are not permitted to enter into margin lending arrangements in relation to the 
Company’s securities. This is on the grounds that the terms may require the Company’s securities to 
be sold during a Prohibited Period or when the Designated Person possesses Inside Information. 
This restriction does not extend to other funding arrangements where the Company’s securities may 
be included as security. Designated Persons should consult the Company Secretary if they are 
uncertain as to whether an arrangement should be classified as a margin lending arrangement. 
8.2 
No short term or speculative trading 
The Company encourages Designated Persons to be long term investors in the Company. 
Persons must not engage in short term or speculative trading in Company securities or in financial 
products associated with the Company’s securities. Short term is considered to be a 120-day period, 
meaning that any purchase of securities triggers this minimum holding period and those interests may 
not be sold.  Designated Persons holding shares as a result of the exercise of any equity instrument 
issued under the Employee Incentive Plan are excluded from this 120 day holding period and are 
entitled to sell those shares (for clarity, the holding period still applies to shares held by Designated 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
DICKER DATA LIMITED 
SECURITY TRADING POLICY 
 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 9 
 
Persons that have been acquired by other means). 
Designated Persons are not permitted to engage in short selling of the Company’s securities. 
8.3 
No Hedging or derivatives 
Designated Persons must not: 
(a) 
Enter into transactions or arrangements (e.g. a derivative) with anyone which could have the 
effect of limiting their exposure to risk relating to an element of their remuneration that: 
• 
has not vested; or 
• 
has vested but remains subject to a holding lock; or 
(b) 
Deal at any time in financial products associated with the Company’s securities, except for a 
type of dealing permitted by law or a permitted dealing under this policy. 
8.4 
Meaning of Financial Products 
Financial products include derivatives, options, warrants, futures, forward contracts, swaps and 
contracts for difference issued or created over or associated with the Company’s securities by third 
parties. 
9. 
Confidential Information 
You must treat all sensitive, non-public information (Confidential Information) about the Company 
as confidential and belonging to the Company. 
You must not disclose Confidential Information to others (including family members, relatives, 
business or social acquaintances) except as authorised or legally required. 
You must avoid inadvertent or indirect disclosure of Confidential Information. Even within the 
Company, Confidential Information should be distributed to or discussed with others only on a need-
to-know basis, and those people must be told that the information is confidential. 
Be careful that your conversations are not overheard in elevators, airplanes or other public places. 
Do not leave Confidential Information on conference tables, desks or otherwise unguarded. 
Take whatever steps are reasonably necessary to keep Confidential Information from being disclosed, 
except as authorised or legally required. 
10. 
Policy Awareness 
To ensure all Designated Persons are aware of the Company’s Security Trading Policy and its contents 
the Policy will be: 
(a) be part of the Company’s induction pack for new employees and contractors; 
(b) be available on the Company’s website and intranet (if applicable); and 
(c) emails will be sent to Designated Persons notifying them when trading windows are open and 
closed. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
DICKER DATA LIMITED 
SECURITY TRADING POLICY 
 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 10 
 
11. 
Compliance 
The responsibility of monitoring compliance with this policy will reside with the Board.  The 
Company Secretary will bring any abnormalities identified to the attention of the Board.  
12. 
Administration 
12.1 
Where can I obtain further information? 
If you require further information or assistance or are uncertain about the application of this policy 
or the law, please contact the Company Secretary. 
12.2 
Review and publication of this policy 
The Board will review this policy from time to time, and at least annually. This policy may be 
amended by resolution of the Board. 
A copy of this policy will be available on the Company’s website. It will be distributed to all 
directors, employees and other persons as relevant. Key features will be published in the 
Corporate Governance Statement. 
13. 
Schedule 
Directors to whom this policy applies: 
• 
All Directors of Dicker Data (including alternate Directors); and 
• 
All members of the boards of directors of subsidiaries of Dicker Data (if any). 
Executives to whom this policy applies: 
• 
The Chief Executive Officer of Dicker Data; 
• 
All other Executives who directly report to the Chief Executive Officer; and 
• 
Other Executives as determined by the board from time to time.
For personal use only
