 
1 
Listed Investment Trusts Trading Policy 
 
 
Equity Trustees Limited (ACN 004 031 298, AFSL 240975) (Responsible Entity), a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of EQT Holdings Limited (ACN 607 797 615) (EQTHL), is committed to adhering to the laws 
and regulations prohibiting insider trading in relation to the Responsible Entity’s Listed Investment 
Trusts (LITS), Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) and Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) (all collectively 
referred to as LITs within this Policy) and ensuring trading in the LITs does not conflict with the interests 
of unitholders.  
 
1. POLICY – EQT PERSONS 
EQT Persons may trade in a LIT’s Units provided they are not in the possession of Inside Information, 
the trade does not take place during a Black-out Period, and written prior clearance to trade has been 
approved in accordance with the Responsible Entity’s Trading Request Procedure. 
EQT Person(s) include directors, key management personnel, and all employees of EQTHL and / or any 
of its wholly or majority owned companies including the Responsible Entity, and contractors and 
consultants who may come into the possession of Inside Information. 
Connected Person(s) means a spouse, partner or child of an EQT Person or any other person whom the 
EQT Person may be expected to control or have significant influence over, including other immediate 
family members, business partners, companies or other entities or trusts.  
Trade or Trading means to buy, sell or transfer any economic interest in Units, including electing to vary 
a dividend reinvestment plan (“DRP”) participation. 
Unit(s) means: 
i. 
any unit or other interest in any LIT of the Responsible Entity; 
ii. 
an option over an unissued unit or other interest in such LIT; and 
iii. 
a renounceable or unrenounceable right to subscribe for a unit or other interest in such 
LIT. 
Inside Information means information that is not generally available and that, if it were to be made 
generally available, would reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the price or value of the 
LIT’s Units. Information is generally available if: 
i. 
it is readily observable; or 
ii. 
it has been made known in a manner likely to bring it to the attention of the persons 
who commonly invest in the LIT Units and a reasonable period of time has elapsed since 
that information was made known; or 
iii. 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from other generally 
available information. 
Information is likely to have a material effect on the price or value of a Unit if the information would, or 
would be likely to, influence persons who commonly trade in units in deciding whether or not to buy or 
 
LISTED INVESTMENT 
TRUSTS TRADING POLICY  
Equity Trustees Limited (ACN 004 031 298) 
Effective Date:  28 May 2024 
For personal use only

 
2 
Listed Investment Trusts Trading Policy 
 
sell them. 
Black-out Period means in respect of each LIT: 
i. 
the period between 1 July and one (1) hour after the Responsible Entity releases the 
next estimated Net Tangible Asset per Unit (NTA) or Net Asset Value (NAV) (as 
applicable) of the Fund; 
ii. 
the period between 1 January and one (1) hour after the Responsible Entity releases 
the next estimated NTA or NAV (as applicable) of the Fund; 
iii. 
the period between the earlier of: 
o 
28 calendar days before (if known); or 
o 
the day the decision is made to proceed with,  
o 
and the next full business day after, a product disclosure statement (“PDS”), 
prospectus or similar disclosure document is lodged by the Responsible Entity 
with the ASX in respect of a LIT; 
iv. 
28 calendar days before, and the next full business day after, a general meeting of 
unitholders is held in respect of the LIT; and 
v. 
any other period that the Responsible Entity specifies. 
Where the Responsible Entity undertakes a buy-back of units in a LIT, the EQT Persons who have 
knowledge of the buy-back and are involved in the day to day management of the buy-back, are subject 
to a further Black-out Period commencing from the date the Responsible Entity makes the decision to 
buy-back the units in a LIT, to the next full business day after the buy-back has been completed. 
In the event that any of the Black-out Periods specified in clauses i, ii, or iii above apply concurrently, 
the Black-out Period specified in clause iii will apply. 
Trading Request Procedure means the procedure specified in clause 5 that EQT Persons must follow 
to seek clearance prior to trading in Units. 
 
2. POLICY – LIT PARTNERS 
LIT Partners and LIT Persons may trade in a LIT’s Units provided they are not in possession of Inside 
Information, and the trade has been executed in accordance with the LIT Partner’s trading policy, 
procedures and/or controls which have been agreed with the Responsible Entity.   
The LIT Partner must ensure that its trading policy is compliant with all relevant laws and ASX Listing 
Rules, including prohibiting LIT Persons trading whilst in possession of Inside Information and enforcing 
Black-out Periods (for at least the periods defined above in this Policy), and must also ensure compliance 
with the disclosure to the Responsible Entity below. 
LIT Partner(s) means those engaged or contracted with the Responsible Entity in managing 
and/or administering a LIT of the Responsible Entity. 
LIT Person(s) means the directors, employees, contractors and consultants of LIT Partner or any 
other related account as defined by the LIT Partner’s trading policy. 
LIT Partners must disclose to the Company Secretary of the Responsible Entity any transaction 
undertaken in a LIT Unit by a LIT Person within 7 days of execution of the transaction, or as otherwise 
agreed in writing with the Responsible Entity (LIT Partner Transactions).  
The disclosure of LIT Partner Transactions will be recorded on the register of transactions kept by the 
Company Secretary of the Responsible Entity in section 5 and kept confidential. EQTHL has in place 
information barriers to ensure that LIT Partner Transaction information is not disclosed to any person 
unless there is need to know for that person to discharge their functions and responsibilities or EQTHL 
is compelled by law to disclose the information.  
 
For personal use only

 
3 
Listed Investment Trusts Trading Policy 
 
3. PROHIBITION FROM PROCURING OTHERS TO TRADE AND PASSING ON 
INSIDE INFORMATION 
If a person is in possession of Inside Information, they are also prohibited from procuring others to trade 
in Units. EQT Persons, LIT Persons, and LIT Partners in possession of Inside Information in respect of a 
LIT’s Units: 
i. 
must not transact in the Units; 
ii. 
must not communicate Inside Information to someone who might then: 
a. trade in Units; or 
b. procure another person to trade in Units; and 
iii. 
should seek to ensure that when providing Inside Information to another party or if they 
are aware that a party is in possession of Inside Information, the other party preserves 
its confidentiality and has adequate measures in place to ensure that the Inside 
Information is not used to trade or passed onto another person. For example, where 
appropriate this can be achieved by means of a written confidentiality agreement. 
It does not matter how or in what capacity an EQT Person, LIT Person, or LIT Partner becomes aware of 
Inside Information. It does not have to be obtained from the Responsible Entity to constitute Inside 
Information. 
EQT Persons , LIT Persons, or LIT Partners cannot avoid the insider trading prohibition by arranging for 
a family member, friend or other person to trade in Units. Nor may an EQT Person give "tips" concerning 
Inside Information relating to the LIT to others. 
 
4. POLICY BREACHES 
A breach of the laws prohibiting insider trading can have serious ramifications for the individual, the LIT, 
the Responsible Entity and LIT Partners. Consequently, a breach of this policy will be regarded as serious 
misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal and/or termination of 
engagement. It should be noted that, in some circumstances, the Responsible Entity may be obliged to 
notify regulatory and/or criminal authorities of a breach of this Policy. 
Any breaches of this policy will be reported to ER, and all evidence recorded in Camms. 
5. TRADING REQUEST PROCEDURE 
Where prior clearance is required for EQT Persons to trade in Units in accordance with this policy, a 
written request for clearance to trade is to be submitted to, and approval received from, the Responsible 
Entity’s Company Secretary. 
A clearance to trade can be given, withdrawn, or refused without a reason being given. The decision is 
final and binding. Any clearance refusal or withdrawal must be kept confidential by the person who 
sought clearance, and may not be disclosed to anyone. A clearance to trade is valid for five (5) business 
days. Evidence of an executed trade is to be provided to the Company Secretary. 
The Company Secretary of the Responsible Entity will maintain a register of all trade requests, approvals 
and refusals for EQT Persons. 
Irrespective of any clearance given under this policy, a person who possesses Inside Information about 
a LIT is prohibited from trading in it under insider trading laws (whether in exceptional circumstances or 
otherwise). 
Any clearance to trade is not an endorsement of the proposed trade and that the person doing the 
trading is individually responsible for their investment decisions and compliance with insider trading 
laws. 
The trading request procedure for LIT Persons and LIT Partners is set out in Section 2 of this Policy.  
Before any EQT Person, LIT Person or LIT Partner trade in securities, they should carefully consider 
For personal use only

 
4 
Listed Investment Trusts Trading Policy 
 
whether they are in possession of any Inside Information that might preclude them from trading at that 
time and, if they have any doubt, they should not trade. 
 
6. RESTRICTED TRADING 
i. 
EQT Persons, LIT Persons, or LIT Partners may not engage in short-term or speculative 
trading in a LIT’s Units, i.e. trading in or out of the Units on market within three (3) months 
of acquiring them, unless written prior clearance to trade has been approved in accordance 
with the Trading Request Procedure. 
ii. 
EQT Persons , LIT Persons, or LIT Partners may not enter into hedging or other financial 
arrangements which operate to limit the economic risk associated with holding LIT Units, 
unless prior clearance to trade has been approved in accordance with the Trading Request 
Procedure 
iii. 
EQT Persons , LIT Persons, or LIT Partners may not enter into margin lending or any other 
arrangements where any form of security is granted over the Units, unless prior clearance 
to trade has been approved in accordance with the Trading Request Procedure. 
 
7. TRADING EXCLUDED FROM THIS POLICY 
The following types of trades by EQT Persons, LIT Persons, or LIT Partners are excluded from this policy: 
i. 
Those that do not result in a change to the beneficial interest in the Units (such as 
transferring Units already held personally into a superannuation fund), and where prior 
written notification has been given to the Company Secretary; 
ii. 
an acquisition of Units under the LIT’s distribution reinvestment plan, excluding an 
election to vary participation. 
 
8. EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES 
Exceptional circumstances may include: 
i. 
severe financial hardship, where EQT Persons, LIT Persons, or LIT Partners have pressing 
financial commitments that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling Units; 
ii. 
requirements under a court order or court enforceable undertakings or other legal or 
regulatory requirements; or 
iii. 
any other exceptional circumstances as determined by the Responsible Entity’s Chair 
(or the EQTHL Board Risk Committee Chair in the case of proposed trading by the 
Responsible Entity’s Chair). 
The Company Secretary will consult the Responsible Entity’s Chair (or the EQTHL Board Risk Committee 
Chair in the case of proposed trading by the Responsible Entity’s Chair) in relation to any proposed 
trading due to exceptional circumstances. 
 
9. DIRECTOR DISCLOSURE 
Within two (2) business days of any trade, the Responsible Entity’s directors must provide written 
confirmation to the Company Secretary of the nature, price and quantity of Units traded, to ensure that 
the requisite information is lodged with the ASX within the prescribed reporting time. 
 
10. CONNECTED PERSONS 
EQT Persons, LIT Persons, or LIT Partners must ensure that their obligations under insider trading laws 
and this policy are complied with by their Connected Persons.  For the avoidance of doubt, a Connected 
For personal use only

 
5 
Listed Investment Trusts Trading Policy 
 
Person must seek clearance through their EQT Person, LIT Person or LIT Partner in accordance with the 
Trading Request Procedure prior to trading in Units. 
 
11. REVIEW OF POLICY 
This policy will be reviewed at least every three (3) years. 
 
12. INTERPRETATION OF POLICY 
For the avoidance of doubt, all forms of insider training in relation to the Units of any entity or vehicle 
are prohibited.  
13. FURTHER INFORMATION 
Requests for further information regarding this policy should be directed to the Responsible Entity’s 
Company Secretary.  
To promote the understanding of the insider trading prohibition and this Policy, a copy of this document 
will be distributed to all EQT Persons, LIT Persons and LIT Partners (present and future). 
 
For personal use only
