MARKET RELEASE  
Data#3 Limited  
Share Trading Policy 
Data#3 
 
 
BRISBANE, Australia — 30 December, 2010 — Data#3 Limited [ASX: DTL] wishes to advise 
that it has revised its Share Trading Policy in relation to the dealing in securities of DTL by its 
Directors and staff (including employees and consultants) in accordance with Listing Rules 12.9 – 
12.12, which take effect from 1 January, 2011. 
 
In accordance with Listing Rule 12.9, a copy of our revised Share Trading Policy (which takes 
effect from 30 December, 2010), is attached for the market’s information.  
 
About Data#3 
 
Data#3 Limited [ASX: DTL] is a national Information and Communication Technology (ICT) 
solutions company. 
 
Data#3 provides market leading expertise in: 
 
• 
Software licensing and software asset management solutions to optimise and manage the 
acquisition of software licensed in volume from global manufacturers; 
• 
Integrated solutions to design and deploy hardware and software infrastructure 
integrating the desktop, network and data centre; 
• 
Product solutions for procuring, configuring and rolling-out technology cost effectively; 
• 
Managed services to provide outsourced solutions for infrastructure operations, support 
and maintenance; 
• 
People solutions to provide contract and permanent recruitment and human capital 
performance management. 
 
Data#3’s customers cover a wide range of industries including banking and finance, mining, 
tourism and leisure, legal, healthcare, manufacturing, distribution, government and utilities 
located throughout Australia and Asia Pacific. 
 
Data#3 reported revenues of $599 million in the 2009/10 financial year, and has approximately 
550 employees. The company is headquartered in Brisbane, and has offices located in Sydney, 
Melbourne, Canberra, Adelaide, Perth, Townsville, Rockhampton and Gladstone. 
 
More information about Data#3 and its solution offerings is available at: 
 
http://www.data3.com.au 
 
ENDS 
For personal use only

 
 
DATA#3 LIMITED SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
1. INTRODUCTION 
 
This Data#3 Limited (DTL) Share Trading Policy (the Policy) addresses dealings in securities 
issued by DTL by all Directors and staff of DTL (whether employees or consultants). In particular, 
this Policy addresses certain requirements that apply to Directors and certain management staff 
(whether employees or consultants) of DTL (those persons are referred to in this Policy as 
Restricted Persons). 
 
In order to preserve the reputation and integrity of DTL, it is vital that when Restricted Persons 
trade in DTL's securities, those dealings are not only fair, but are seen to be fair. Restricted 
Persons must be sure that any trading and dealing in DTL securities does not reflect improperly on 
them or DTL.  The rationale for the Policy is to ensure that a Restricted Person is aware of the 
legal restrictions on trading and dealing in DTL securities while he or she is in possession of 
unpublished DTL price-sensitive information and to impose Prohibited Periods (defined below) 
during which Restricted Persons must not trade in DTL securities, subject to certain exceptions as 
detailed in this Policy. It is intended that these procedures will reduce the risk of insider trading 
and its potential impact on DTL’s share price, reputation and integrity. This Policy has been given 
to the company announcements office for release to the market pursuant to Listing Rule 12.9. 
 
2. STANDARDS 
  
All Directors and staff of DTL (whether employees or consultants) should ensure that all their 
transactions in DTL securities comply with: 
  
(a) The Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the Corporations Act) and its Regulations (particularly the 
insider trading provisions); and 
(b) The ASX Listing Rules (particularly the continuous disclosure requirements in Listing Rule 3.1 
and the disclosure of directors' interests in accordance with Listing Rule 3.19A). 
 
3. THE GENERAL PROHIBITION ON INSIDER TRADING 
 
It is an offence under the Corporations Act for a person (which can be a company), who is in 
possession of Inside Information (defined below) about financial products (including shares), to: 
 
(a) Apply for, acquire or dispose of a financial product, or enter into an agreement to do so (the 
trading offence);  
(b) Procure another person to do any of the things set out in paragraph (a) (the procuring 
offence); and  
(c) Communicate such Inside Information to others who will, or are likely to, trade in or deal with 
the financial product as a result of the Inside Information (the communicating offence).  
 
For the purposes of this Policy, Inside Information is information that is not “generally 
available”, which a reasonable person would expect would have a “material impact or effect on 
the price” or value of a financial product. Penalties under the Corporations Act for a breach of the 
provisions prohibiting insider trading can include imprisonment and substantial fines. 
 
4. APPLICATION OF POLICY AND EXEMPTED TRADING ACTIVITY 
 
4.1 DTL SECURITIES  
 
Subject to section 4.2, this Policy applies to all dealings and trading in DTL shares and other DTL 
securities by ALL Directors and staff of DTL (whether employees or consultants).  
 
4.2 EXEMPTED TRADING ACTIVITY  
 
The Listing Rules contemplate that there may be trading that should be excluded from the 
operation of an entity's trading policy. The following forms of trading activity are excluded from 
For personal use only

the operation of this Policy, but remain subject to the operation of the insider trading provisions 
of the Corporations Act: 
  
(a) Transfers of DTL securities where the transfer results in no change to the beneficial interest in 
the securities (for example, a Restricted Person transferring shares between one or more of their 
share holding entities, with no change to the ultimate beneficial holder);  
(b) Transfers of DTL securities already held into a superannuation fund or other saving scheme in 
which the Restricted Person is a beneficiary;  
(c) An investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in DTL securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the 
discretion of a third party;  
(d) Where a Restricted Person is a trustee, trading in DTL securities by that trust, provided the 
Restricted Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a Closed Period 
is taken by other trustees or by the investment managers independently of the Restricted Person;  
(e) An undertaking or agreement to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer for some or all 
of the Restricted Person's DTL securities;  
(f) Trading under an offer or invitation made to some or all of DTL's members, such as a rights 
issue, a security purchase plan, a bonus equity plan, dividend or distribution reinvestment plan 
and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the 
offer has been approved by the Board;  
(g) A disposal of DTL securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, for 
example, under a margin loan arrangement.  
 
5. RESTRICTIONS ON TRADING IN DTL SECURITIES 
 
5.1 GENERAL RESTRICTIONS  
 
Specifically, it is DTL policy that a staff member (who is not a Restricted Person) may not deal or 
procure another person to deal in DTL securities or the listed securities of another entity if he or 
she has information that he or she knows, or ought reasonably to know, is Inside Information in 
relation to DTL’s securities or those securities of the other entity. 
 
Specifically, it is DTL policy that Restricted Persons must not: 
  
(a) Engage in short-term trading of any DTL securities (i.e. buy DTL securities with an intention 
to sell those securities within a 12 month period); and  
(b) Despite anything to the contrary in this Policy, trade in DTL securities whilst the person is in 
possession of Inside Information about DTL.  
 
A Restricted Person may deal in the listed securities of another entity if he or she does not have 
information that he or she knows, or ought reasonably to know, is Inside Information in relation 
to those securities. 
 
Where a Restricted Person is unsure whether he or she is in possession of Inside Information 
about DTL, he or she should obtain independent legal advice. 
 
5.2 CLOSED PERIODS FOR TRADING (THE BLACKOUT PERIODS)  
 
Subject to section 6 below, Restricted Persons must not trade in DTL securities (nor trade in 
financial products issued or created over, or in respect of, DTL securities) during the following 
Closed Periods:  
 
(a) 1 January up to and including the day on which the DTL half-year results are released to the 
market; and 
(b) 1 July up to and including the day on which the DTL full-year results are released to the 
market. 
 
6. EXCEPTIONS TO THE POLICY 
 
6.1 TRADING WITH PERMISSION DURING PROHIBITED PERIOD  
 
A Prohibited Period means a Closed Period and any other periods from time to time when DTL 
is considering matters which are subject to Listing Rule 3.1A as resolved by the Board of DTL. 
For personal use only

   
A Restricted Person may trade in DTL securities during a Prohibited Period where: 
 
(a) He or she is in compliance with section 5.1(b) of this Policy; 
(b) He or she is suffering from Severe Financial Hardship or there is an Exceptional Circumstance; 
and   
(c) The Restricted Person receives written permission from DTL in accordance with section 6.2 
below.  
 
For the purposes of this Policy, Severe Financial Hardship could include, but is not limited to, 
a pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling the DTL 
securities and an Exceptional Circumstance could include, but is not limited to, where the 
Restricted Person is required by a court order, or there are court enforceable undertakings, for 
example, in a bona fide family settlement, to transfer or sell the securities of the entity or there 
is some other overriding legal or regulatory requirement for him or her to do so.  
 
6.2 PROCEDURE FOR PERMISSION AND MARGIN LENDING NOTIFICATIONS 
 
A Restricted Person who wishes to trade in DTL securities during a Prohibited Period (Applicant) 
must obtain the prior written permission of: 
 
(a) Both the Chairman and the Company Secretary; or  
(b) Where the Chairman or the Company Secretary is the Applicant, the other of them and the 
Chairman of the Audit Committee (collectively, the Approvers). 
 
As part of the request for permission, the Applicant must give to the Approvers an undertaking 
that he or she meets the requirements of sections 6.1(a) and (b) of this Policy. The Approvers 
shall be responsible for making the decision as to whether the Applicant meets the test in section 
6.1(b) and may set out any conditions that are to apply to their written clearance to trade during 
a Prohibited Period. The Applicant must give the Approvers a reasonable amount of time to 
consider whether to grant permission under this section 6 (with what is reasonable to be 
determined by the Approvers on a case-by-case basis). Any request, undertaking or permission 
under this section 6 can be given by letter, facsimile, email or by any other electronic means. 
If a Restricted Person enters into a margin lending arrangement involving DTL shares or 
otherwise encumbers DTL shares (a "Security Arrangement"), then the Restricted Person must 
provide details of the Security Arrangement to the Chairman, or in his absence the Chairman of 
the Audit Committee or the Company Secretary immediately. Where a Restricted Person has 
entered into a Security Arrangement for a material number of shares, DTL may be required or 
may otherwise decide to notify the ASX of these arrangements.  
A Restricted Person must immediately notify the Chairman or the Company Secretary in writing 
if he or she receives a margin call that can only be satisfied by the sale of DTL’s securities. A 
Restricted Person may sell securities at any time where the disposal is the result of a secured 
lender exercising its rights under a margin lending or similar arrangement. 
 
7. POLICY RESPONSIBILITY 
  
Each Director and staff member of DTL has individual responsible for adhering to this Policy. A 
breach of this Policy is serious and may lead to disciplinary action. It may also be a breach of the 
law. The Company Secretary has responsibility for maintaining the Policy, including the 
distribution of this Policy to Restricted Persons.  
 
8. INSIDER TRADING  
 
The requirements imposed by the Policy are separate from, and in addition to, the legal 
prohibitions in the Corporations Act on insider trading.  
 
Policy as at: 30 December, 2010 
 
DATA#3 LIMITED 
For personal use only
