 
Dexus (ASX: DXS) 
ASX release 
8 October 2021 
Securities trading policy update 
Dexus has completed a review and update of its Securities Trading (including inside information) policy. A 
copy of the revised policy is attached in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10. 
 
Authorised by Brett Cameron, General Counsel and Company Secretary of Dexus Funds Management 
Limited 
For further information please contact: 
Investors  
David Yates 
Executive General Manager, Investor Relations 
+61 2 9017 1424 
+61 418 861 047 
david.yates@dexus.com 
Media 
Louise Murray 
Senior Manager, Corporate Communications 
+61 2 9017 1446 
+61 403 260 754 
louise.murray@dexus.com 
 
 
About Dexus  
Dexus (ASX: DXS) is one of Australia’s leading fully integrated real estate groups, managing a high-quality Australian 
property portfolio valued at $42.5 billion. We believe that the strength and quality of our relationships will always be 
central to our success and are deeply committed to working with our customers to provide spaces that engage and 
inspire. We invest only in Australia, and directly own $17.5 billion of office, industrial and healthcare properties, and 
investments. We manage a further $25.0 billion of office, retail, industrial and healthcare properties for third party clients. 
The group’s $14.6 billion development pipeline provides the opportunity to grow both portfolios and enhance future 
returns. Sustainability is integrated across our business, and our sustainability approach is the lens we use to manage 
emerging ESG risks and opportunities for all our stakeholders. Dexus is a Top 50 entity by market capitalisation listed 
on the Australian Securities Exchange and is supported by more than 30,000 investors from 23 countries. With over 35 
years of expertise in property investment, funds management, asset management and development, we have a proven 
track record in capital and risk management and delivering superior risk-adjusted returns for investors. 
www.dexus.com  
Dexus Funds Management Ltd ABN 24 060 920 783, AFSL 238163, as Responsible Entity for Dexus (ASX: DXS) 
Level 25, 264 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000 
 
For personal use only

Securities Trading (including Inside Information)
1.
Purpose
The purpose of this Policy is to provide guidance to Directors and Employees (including Key Management 
Personnel) for on-going compliance with legal obligations relating to trading or investing in financial 
products managed by Dexus.  
The principle objectives are: 
-
the avoidance of insider trading including influencing others to trade in securities based on inside
information
-
the avoidance of actual, perceived or potential conflicts of interest with Dexus or its clients
-
to impose limitations on short term trading
-
ongoing compliance with ASX Listing Rules, ASX Corporate Governance Principles and
Recommendations and the Corporations Act
Dexus is committed to maintaining its strong reputation. Adherence to our policies and procedures assists 
us in achieving this. While compliance with legislation and regulatory guidelines is mandatory, we expect 
our Directors and Employees (especially in relation to securities trading) to support and promote the spirit 
of the legislation and guidelines.  
Directors and Employees should also be aware of the possible reputational damage resulting from trading 
in Dexus securities in periods where the market may perceive that Directors or Employees are in 
possession of price sensitive information.  
As a guiding principle, Directors and Employees should ask themselves: 
If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could the proposed dealing be perceived by the 
market as the Director or Employee taking advantage of his or her position in an inappropriate way? How 
would it look if the transaction was reported in social media or on the front page of a newspaper? (The 
Media Test) 
If the Director or Employee is unsure, he or she should consult the General Counsel or Company 
Secretary. 
Where any approval is required for a dealing under this Policy, approval will not be granted where the 
dealing would not satisfy the Media Test. 
For the purpose of this Policy, reference to Dexus Securities includes reference to Dexus (ASX:DXS), 
Dexus Industria REIT (ASX:ADI1) and Dexus Convenience Retail REIT (ASX:DXC).
2.
Applicability of the Securities Trading Policy
This Policy applies to: 
-
Directors of Dexus entities
-
All Employees of Dexus (including Key Management Personnel)
-
Contractors & temporary employees of Dexus, and
-
Associates of the above. An Associate would include immediate family members, people or entities
(including SMSFs) over which the Employee may exert influence in investment decisions.
All referred to collectively as “Employee/s”. 
1 ASX code for Dexus Industria REIT is expected to change from ADI to DXI on 1 December 2021.
For personal use only

dexus.com 
2 
3. 
What happens if this Policy is breached? 
A breach of this Policy may constitute a breach of the law, leading to disciplinary action, including 
dismissal in serious cases. Insider trading is a criminal offence and can result in criminal and civil 
penalties. 
4. 
What is Inside Information? 
Employees cannot trade in financial products managed by Dexus whilst they are in possession of Inside 
Information. 
“Inside Information” is information not generally available to investors which could, if it were made 
generally available, have an effect on the market price of particular financial products or be likely to 
influence investors in deciding whether to deal in those financial products.  In brief, this is non-public price 
sensitive information. 
The following types of information would generally be price sensitive (and therefore regarded as Inside 
Information): 
- 
any leaked information from a listed entity of the type that would normally be announced to the ASX 
- 
any leaked news about the credit standing of an issuer of securities 
- 
a proposed securities issue 
- 
a significant merger or acquisition proposal 
- 
a purchase or sale of substantial assets 
- 
a significant expansion or curtailment of operations 
- 
significant new products  
- 
significant increases or decreases in dividends or distributions 
- 
significant earnings information or estimates  
- 
changes in earnings information or estimates previously announced 
- 
extraordinary borrowing, significant liquidity problems 
- 
extraordinary management developments 
- 
major litigation 
- 
significant revaluation of assets 
It does not matter how or why the information was acquired.  The prohibitions apply even if the information 
is acquired inadvertently. 
Examples of situations where Employees may acquire Inside Information include: 
- 
during the management of listed trusts (for example, a property transaction that may have a material 
price impact on DXS or a potential merger or acquisition with another fund or trust) 
- 
related party transactions within Dexus  
- 
significant change from market guidance regarding the amount of earnings or distribution payments 
Market rumours may constitute Inside Information.  When determining whether this is the case, 
consideration should be given to generally available public information and whether the rumour is a logical 
conclusion to draw.  
Employees must not provide or communicate Inside Information to another party. Care must also be taken 
when providing information to Dexus work colleagues. Information should only be provided on a “need to 
know” basis. 
Employees must not derive personal advantage from sensitive information which has been obtained as a 
result of their employment. This includes information an employee may have access to in relation to a 
capital partner, supplier, customer or other entity with which Dexus is conducting business.  
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

dexus.com 
3 
5. 
Prohibition on Insider Trading 
When an Employee is in possession of any Inside Information, it is illegal to: 
- 
Deal in (i.e. apply for, acquire, dispose of or enter into an agreement to do so) the relevant financial 
product whether personally, for an Associate, Dexus or a client 
- 
Procure (i.e. incite, induce or encourage an act or omission) another person to deal in the relevant 
financial product 
- 
In the case of a financial product able to be traded on a financial market, directly or indirectly 
communicate or pass on the Inside Information to another person, unless certain arrangements are in 
place whereby Dexus can be satisfied that the person will not act on the basis of the information.  
Legal should be consulted in these circumstances 
The prohibitions on insider trading apply until: 
- 
The information has been released to the market and a reasonable period has elapsed to allow the 
market to absorb the information 
- 
The information has ceased to be price sensitive (for example, a proposal for a corporate transaction 
has been abandoned) 
6. 
Periods When Trading is Permitted  
Provided approval is first sought and obtained in accordance with section 10 of this Policy, trading in 
Dexus securities by any Employee is permitted during the following periods (also referred to as a trading 
window) (and only if the Employee is not in possession of Inside Information): 
- 
28 days commencing the day after half yearly and yearly results are announced to the market 
- 
14 days commencing the day after the AGM 
Trading outside these periods is prohibited.  
Additional trading windows may be identified by the CEO in consultation with the Chair and will be reported 
to all Employees.  
Trading windows can be cancelled at any time, as notified by the CEO. Such closure will become effective 
immediately on notification.  
Notification of trading windows will be communicated to all Employees. 
7. 
Employee Trading  
Employees must not undertake the following types of personal trading activity: 
- 
trading in any financial product whilst in possession of Inside Information  
- 
trading that may cause a conflict (or appearance of conflict) of interest with Dexus or its clients.  Any 
such actual or potential conflict should be reported to Compliance  
- 
trading that distracts them from their responsibilities to Dexus and its clients 
- 
trading in Dexus securities for short term gain (defined as a purchase and sale within 30 days) 
- 
trading in Dexus securities as part of margin lending activities 
- 
entering into a transaction or arrangement for the purpose of hedging exposure to movements in the 
price of un-vested securities  
From time to time restrictions may be placed on trading in other financial products (e.g. if Dexus is involved 
in a significant transaction with an external listed entity).  These restrictions will be notified to relevant 
Employees. Employees must abide by these restrictions. 
 
 
For personal use only

dexus.com 
4 
8. 
Dealings excluded from this Policy 
This Policy does not apply to: 
- 
participation in an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by Dexus (subject to insider 
trading provisions in the Corporation Act). However, where securities granted under an employee, 
executive or director equity plan cease to be held under the terms of that plan, any dealings in those 
securities must only occur in accordance with this Policy;  
- 
the following categories of trades: 
- 
acquisition of Dexus securities through a distribution reinvestment plan; 
- 
acquisition of Dexus securities through a security purchase plan available to all retail 
securityholders; 
- 
acquisition of Dexus securities through a rights issue;  
- 
the disposal of Dexus securities through the acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme of 
arrangement or equal access buy-back; and 
- 
dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the securities (for example, 
transfers of Dexus securities already held into a superannuation fund or trust of which the 
Employee is a beneficiary). 
This Policy does not apply to any fund that currently or in the future is established to trade in listed 
securities (Listed Securities Funds).  For those funds, Dexus has established information barriers to 
prevent material information about DXS, ADI or DXC from being provided to those persons who are 
responsible for trading decisions.  However, in exceptional circumstances, the CEO in consultation with the 
Chair may impose a restriction on any trading in DXS, ADI or DXC by Listed Securities Funds. 
All dealings listed above remain subject to the insider trading provisions in the Corporations Act.  
9. 
Exemption 
Trading in financial products outside the trading windows may be granted in situations of severe financial 
hardship provided the Employee is not in possession of Inside Information. 
The request will need to be referred to the Head of Governance and approval sought from the CEO and/or 
Company Secretary prior to placing the order to sell.  
Approval will only be granted if the Employee’s application is accompanied by sufficient evidence (in the 
opinion of the CEO and/or Company Secretary) that the dealing of the relevant securities is the most 
reasonable course of action available in the circumstances. 
If approval is granted, the Employee will be notified in writing and the trade must be executed within 5 
business days. 
10. Trading in Products Managed by Dexus 
All trades by Employees in listed and unlisted financial products managed by Dexus require prior approval 
in accordance with the Business Approval Table set out below. 
There may be circumstances when this approval is not granted.  Reasons for this may be withheld. Where 
approval is withheld, the Employee is to keep that fact confidential and not disclose it to anyone. Loss of 
confidentiality regarding a refusal could lead to conjecture. Should an Employee wish to trade in Dexus 
securities during a trading window, request to trade can be made in the Dexus Compliance tracking 
system.  
Employees requesting to trade in Dexus securities during a trading window will be required to confirm that 
the request is in compliance with this Policy at the time the trade is executed. 
Once approvals have been obtained, notification will be provided to the Employee and the trade may be 
executed. Where approval is granted, the trade must be executed within 5 business days. If the trade is 
not executed within this timeframe, approval will need to be re-sought. A clearance to trade may be 
withdrawn if circumstances change. The Employee will be contacted directly in this situation and must 
keep this fact confidential. 
For personal use only

dexus.com 
5 
11. Business Approval Table 
Person (including Associates) 
Approver 
Chairman 
An Independent Director; and General Counsel 
Independent Director 
Chairman (during absence, another Independent Director); and 
General Counsel 
Chief Executive Officer 
Chairman (during absence an Independent Director); and General 
Counsel 
Executive General Manager 
(including KMP) 
CEO; and Head of Governance 
Employee  
Relevant EGM (during absence, another EGM); and Head of 
Governance 
 
Approvers may delegate authority with prior notice (and approval) of the General Counsel. 
12. Record Keeping  
The Compliance team must be provided with a copy of contract notes or transaction advices of approved 
trades once they have been executed. 
A register is maintained by the Compliance team of all requests to trade in Dexus securities including 
approvals (or otherwise). 
13. Reporting 
The Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring that, where applicable, Appendices 3X and 3Y are 
lodged with ASX in accordance with the ASX Listing Rules. 
14. Monitoring 
Compliance with this Policy is monitored. Monitoring includes, but is not limited to, a review of the Dexus 
Securities security registers for trading by Employees.  Any exceptions or breaches identified during 
monitoring will be reported to the CEO, General Counsel/Company Secretary and the Board Risk 
Committee. 
15. Additional Information 
This Policy is reviewed at least annually and requires endorsement of the Board Risk Committee and 
approval of the Board of Dexus Funds Management Limited and Dexus Asset Management Limited.  
The Policy is available to and accessible by all Employees. 
The Compliance team facilitates training on this Policy. All training facilitated by the Compliance team is 
compulsory. 
Any questions arising from this Policy should be referred to the General Counsel/Company Secretary or 
the Head of Governance. 
 
Document Control Log 
Version 
Document Owner 
Author 
Approving Authority 
Approved Date 
7 
Governance 
Scott Mahony  
Corporate Executive Committee 
Board Risk Committee 
DXFM Board 
2 June 2021 
16 June 2021 
29 July 2021 
7.1 
Governance 
Scott Mahony  
DXFM Board 
29 September 2021 
 
For personal use only
