Revised Securities Trading Policy
Sydney: Thursday, 22 December 2022
In accordance with Listing Rule 12.10 attached is a copy of Endeavour Group’s revised Securities Trading Policy
(Policy), which incorporates a new clearance process for certain persons covered under the Policy to request
permission to use Endeavour Securities as collateral, clarifies the application of the Policy in certain circumstances,
and includes some other minor amendments for consistency.
A copy of the Securities Trading Policy is also available on the corporate governance section of Endeavour Group’s
website at: www.endeavourgroup.com.au/about/corporate-governance
The release of this announcement was authorised by the Company Secretary.
Sean O’Sullivan
Lizzy Bold
Investor Relations
Media
+61 (0)412 139 711
+61 (0)421 765 446
investorrelations@edg.com.au
media@edg.com.au
Endeavour Group
ACN 159 767 843
26 Waterloo Street, Surry Hills, NSW, 2010
For personal use only

 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy  
Securities Trading Policy 
                        Endeavour Group | 1  
 
Purpose and scope 
 
1. 
The Endeavour Group is committed to protecting its reputation and instilling 
market and community confidence in its policies and procedures for managing 
important risks. This policy sets out Endeavour Group’s approach to managing 
insider trading risk and it is intended to assist team members in complying with 
insider trading laws when dealing in securities. 
 
2. 
There are obligations in this policy that apply to Endeavour Group and to all 
team members. There are additional obligations which apply to Designated 
Persons and their Associates and to participants in Endeavour’s equity-based 
remuneration plans. 
 
3. 
Defined terms which are regarded as key concepts in understanding your 
obligations under this policy are set in the ‘key concept’ section. All other 
defined terms are in the ‘definition’ section. 
Policy requirements 
Team member obligations 
All team members –
insider trading 
prohibition 
4. 
If you are aware of Inside Information about Endeavour, you must not: 
a. deal in Endeavour Securities; or 
b. cause or procure any other person to deal in Endeavour Securities; or 
c. 
directly or indirectly communicate the Inside Information to any other 
person, if you know (or ought reasonably to know) that the other person 
may use the information to engage in the activities described in 4a or b 
above. For example, you may not give ‘tips’ to any person. 
This is known as the insider trading prohibition and applies to your acts in 
Australia, as well as outside Australia. Your purpose or motive for the dealing is 
irrelevant. 
 
5. 
The insider trading prohibition is not restricted to dealing in Endeavour 
Securities. If you have Inside Information about any external company you must 
not deal in securities of that company. 
All team members –
market perception 
obligation 
 
 
 
 
6. 
Your dealings in securities can affect Endeavour Group’s reputation. You must 
not deal in Endeavour Securities (or securities of another company) if the 
proposed dealing could be perceived by the market as you taking advantage of 
your position in an inappropriate way. This is known as the market perception 
obligation. 
7. 
The insider trading prohibition and market perception obligation apply to all 
team members at all times and are each person’s individual responsibility. You 
should exercise judgment and care in deciding whether to trade securities and if 
in doubt consult with your manager or the Company Secretary. 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading Policy 
                        Endeavour Group | 2  
All team members – 
Confidential 
Information 
8. 
You must not use or communicate to anyone any Confidential Information that 
you learn of in the course of your duties. You must also take all reasonable steps 
to protect Confidential Information from disclosure. 
Endeavour equity-based 
remuneration plan 
participants – no 
Hedging 
9. 
If you participate in an Endeavour equity-based remuneration plan you (or your 
Associate) must not enter into any Hedging arrangement in respect to any 
unvested Endeavour Securities or vested Endeavour Securities which are subject 
to a dealing restriction, allocated to you under that plan. 
Designated Persons & Associates additional obligations 
Designated Persons & 
Associates – permitted 
dealings 
10. Designated Persons are routinely in possession of Inside Information about 
Endeavour and must take special care when dealing in Endeavour Securities. 
Subject to the insider trading prohibition and the material perception obligation, 
Endeavour, Designated Persons and their Associates (as applicable) may only 
deal in Endeavour Securities:  
a. during a Trading Window and provided that all dealing clearances have 
been obtained and the dealing procedures are followed;  
b. if a trading window exemption has been granted (refer to paragraph 16) 
and provided that the dealing procedures are followed;  
c. 
if it is Excluded Dealing; or 
d. if it is not otherwise prohibited under this policy. 
Designated Persons & 
Associates – prohibited 
dealings 
11. Additionally, Designated Persons and their Associates must not: 
a. deal in Endeavour Securities during any period that is not a Trading 
Window, unless otherwise permitted under this policy (closed periods); 
b. use Endeavour Securities as collateral in any financial transaction, including 
any margin lending arrangements (no security or margin lending), unless 
otherwise permitted under this policy; 
c. 
deal in the same Endeavour Securities, or in derivatives issued over 
Endeavour Securities, within a six month period (no short term gain). This 
does not prohibit the exercise of rights under an Endeavour equity-based 
remuneration plan and the subsequent dealing of those securities in 
accordance with this policy; and 
d. enter into Hedging arrangements in relation to Endeavour Securities, 
including those specified in paragraph 9 (no hedging). 
 
12. Designated Persons are responsible for making their Associates aware of the 
requirements in this policy and for taking reasonable steps to ensure they 
comply with it.  
 
13. Where the policy requires an act from an Associate (such as obtaining an 
approval), the Designated Person must do that act on behalf of their Associate. 
Trading Windows 
14. The opening of Trading Windows will be notified to Designated Persons by 
email. Designated Persons must not assume that a Trading Window is open in 
the absence of such notification. 
Dealing clearance 
15. Designated Persons and their Associates must obtain the relevant clearances for 
a proposed dealing in Endeavour Securities and once obtained must follow the 
dealing procedures, both of which are set out in Annexure 1 to this policy. 
Trading window 
exemption – Exceptional 
Circumstances and 
prohibited dealing 
clearance 
16. A Designated Person or their Associate may request to:  
a. 
deal in Endeavour Securities outside a Trading Window in Exceptional 
Circumstances; or 
b. 
seek an approval for a prohibited dealing under paragraph 11b. 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading Policy 
                        Endeavour Group | 3  
 
A trading window exemption or prohibited dealing approval cannot be 
requested where there would be a breach of the insider trading prohibition or 
market perception obligation. The procedures for seeking a trading window 
exemption or clearance for a prohibited dealing are in Annexure 1 to this policy.   
Excluded Dealing 
17. The obligations and restrictions applying to Designated Persons and their 
Associates (Trading Windows, dealing clearances and prohibited dealings) do 
not apply to an Excluded Dealing, but compliance with the insider trading 
prohibition and the market perception obligation continue to apply. 
 
18. Endeavour directors must seek confirmation from the Company Secretary 
before dealing in Endeavour Securities in reliance of an Excluded Dealing. 
Key Concepts 
 
The following key concepts apply in this policy: 
What is Inside 
Information? 
19. Inside Information is information: 
a. which is not generally available; and  
b. if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect the 
information to have a material effect on the price of value of securities. 
Simply, this means information which might influence a person who 
commonly invests in securities in deciding whether or not to deal in those 
securities. 
It can include information which is not yet certain, as well as a rumour or matter 
of supposition. Inside Information can come from any source.  
 
20. Examples of Inside Information could be: 
• 
material changes in actual or forecast financial performance; 
• 
a change in credit rating applied to Endeavour; 
• 
recommendation or declaration of a dividend (or a decision that one will 
not be declared); 
• 
events regarding Endeavour’s securities or financing; 
• 
a matter which may have an adverse effect on Endeavour Group’s 
reputation; 
• 
material acquisitions, divestments, joint ventures or changes in assets; 
• 
granting or withdrawing of a material licence; 
• 
entry into, variation or termination of a material agreement; 
• 
an event which may have a material impact on operations; 
• 
changes to Endeavour directors or significant changes in key management 
personnel; 
• 
a material legal dispute; or 
• 
a significant divergence from Endeavour Group’s strategy known to the 
market. 
 
 
 
21. Information is not Inside Information, if it: 
• 
consists of a readily observable matter or deduction; 
• 
has been brought to the attention of investors by an ASX announcement 
and reasonable period has elapsed since it was announced; or  
• 
consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made from information 
referred to above.  
Who is a Designated 
Person? 
22. Designated Persons are: 
a. 
non-executive directors, the CEO and the Company Secretary of 
Endeavour;  
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading Policy 
                        Endeavour Group | 4  
 
 
b. 
Executives Committee members and their direct reports; and 
c. 
any other team member or person (including support personnel) 
nominated by the Board Chair, CEO or Company Secretary as a being a 
person who is likely to have access to Inside Information of Endeavour 
from time to time.  
When are Trading 
Windows? 
23. The following periods are Endeavour’s Trading Windows: 
a. 
21 days commencing on the first trading day after Endeavour’s half-year 
and full-year results are released to ASX; 
b. 
14 days commencing on the first trading day after Endeavour’s Annual 
General Meeting; 
c. 
any time a prospectus, cleansing notice or similar disclosure document has 
been lodged with ASIC and is open for acceptances;  
d. 
any additional periods determined by the Board; and 
e. 
any variations to the periods in sub-paragraphs 23a. to d. determined by 
the Board Chair, on recommendation of the Chief Legal Officer and 
Company Secretary. 
What is an Excluded 
Dealing? 
24. An Excluded Dealing is any of the following: 
a. 
acquiring Endeavour Securities under a dividend reinvestment plan 
provided that the Designated Person or Associate elected to participate, or 
vary participation, in the plan during a Trading Window; 
b. 
acquiring Endeavour Securities under a share purchase plan or rights issue 
made available to all or most of Endeavour shareholders; 
c. 
disposing Endeavour Securities through accepting a takeover offer, scheme 
of arrangement, equal access buy-back or capital reduction; 
d. 
disposing of rights, or acquiring Endeavour Securities, pursuant to a pro 
rata issue; 
e. 
applying for, acquiring, allocating or forfeiting Endeavour Securities under 
the terms of any equity plan approved by the Endeavour Board (including 
by exercising any rights) except that a Designated Person cannot further 
deal in Endeavour Securities that are released from the plan unless they 
comply with this policy and the law; 
f. 
indirect or incidental trading that occurs when a Designated Person deals 
in units or shares of a managed investment scheme, listed investment 
company, exchange-traded fund of similar investment vehicle that is 
managed by a third party and holds Endeavour Securities as part of its 
portfolio; and 
g. 
a transfer of Endeavour Securities arising from the administration of a 
deceased estate. 
What is an Exceptional 
Circumstance? 
25. An Exceptional Circumstance may include: 
a. 
severe financial hardship where the disposal of Endeavour Securities is the 
only practical method of overcoming the hardship; 
b. 
a requirement under a court order or court enforceable undertaking; 
c. 
an overriding legal or regulatory requirement to transfer or accept the 
transfer of Endeavour Securities; and 
d. 
any other exceptional circumstances as determined by the CEO or Board 
Chair, on the recommendation of the Chief Legal Counsel and Company 
Secretary.  
A liability to pay tax does not normally constitute severe financial difficulty. 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading Policy 
                        Endeavour Group | 5  
Policy compliance  
Awareness and training 
26. The highest standard of corporate conduct is critical to Endeavour Group’s 
reputation. The Company Secretary is responsible for providing on-going 
training to team members to promote compliance with this policy. 
 
27. A copy of this policy it will be made available on Endeavour’s corporate website 
and lodged with ASX.  
Directors’ interests 
28. Endeavour directors and the Company Secretary will comply with the 
requirements to notify directors’ interests in Endeavour Securities to the 
relevant authorities. 
Breach of law 
29. You and your Associates may be exposed to criminal penalties, civil liability 
and/or civil penalty provisions for breaching insider trading laws (such as heavy 
fines and/or imprisonment). 
Disciplinary action 
30. If you breach the law, this policy, or both, it is a serious matter and may be 
regarded as misconduct and may lead to disciplinary action (including 
termination of your employment, appointment or engagement). 
Definitions 
 
Terms used in this policy have the meaning given to them below or in the ‘Key 
Concept’ section of the policy: 
ASX 
Australian Securities Exchange. 
Associates 
An associate is a closely connected person or entity to a Designated Person or 
participant in Endeavour’s equity-based remuneration plans (as the context requires) 
(Relevant Person) and includes: 
a. 
spouse, domestic partner or dependent child (including dependent adult child or 
step-child) of a Relevant Person; 
b. 
relative residing with a Relevant Person; 
c. 
other family member who the Relevant Person may be expected to influence, or 
be influenced by, in relation to dealings in securities;  
d. 
a company, trust, partnership or other entity that the Relevant Person, or any of 
the persons mentioned above, control or significantly influence; or 
e. 
the trustee of a trust or fiduciary arrangements of which the Relevant Person, or 
any of the persons mentioned above are a beneficiary. 
CEO 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Endeavour. 
CLO 
Chief Legal Officer of Endeavour. 
Confidential 
Information 
Sensitive and non-public information belonging to Endeavour Group.  
deal or dealing 
Deal includes to: 
a. 
buy, sell or otherwise apply for or dispose of securities or arrange for someone 
else to do so; 
b. 
transfer legal ownership of securities even where the beneficial ownership does 
not change (eg transfer from employee trust to employee’s own account); 
c. 
transfer beneficial ownership of securities (even where legal ownership does 
not change) or transfer ownership between accounts, brokers or sponsors; 
d. 
margin lend, stock lend or make other financing arrangements for securities; or 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading Policy 
                        Endeavour Group | 6  
e. 
issue, underwrite or vary the terms of securities, 
either directly or on behalf of someone else. 
derivative 
Any product (such as options, forward contracts, swaps, futures, warrants, caps, 
collars and contracts for difference) or transaction that operates to limit the economic 
risk associated with holding securities. 
equity-based 
remuneration plan 
Any Endeavour Board approved plan under which an employee participant is provided 
with Endeavour Securities as part of their at-risk variable or discretionary 
remuneration, including grants under short-term, long- term, recognition and 
retention plans, but does not include general employee equity plans.  
Endeavour 
Endeavour Group Limited. 
Endeavour Group 
Endeavour, its subsidiaries and its related bodies corporate. 
Endeavour Securities 
Any securities issued by Endeavour. 
Executive Committee 
member 
An executive who reports directly to the CEO and is part of Group Executive 
Leadership Team of Endeavour, except the CEO. 
Hedging arrangement 
The use of securities to offset the risk of adverse price movement in securities or 
entering into a transaction designed to limited exposure to economic risk in 
securities.  
security or securities 
A share, option, right, convertible note, bond or other form of debenture; an interest 
in managed investments scheme or trust; a derivative; and any other financial 
products that are able to traded on a financial market. 
team member or you 
A director, officer or employee (full time, part time or casual) of Endeavour Group or 
a contractor or consultant of Endeavour Group whose terms of their engagement has 
this policy applied to them. 
Related documents 
Legislation/regulations 
Internal documents 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
ASX Listing Rules 
 
Code of Conduct 
Continuous Disclosure & Communication Policy and Procedures 
Trading Window Approval Request Form 
Trading Window Exemption Request Form 
Policy governance  
Document 
Type 
Approver 
Reviewer 
Owner 
Exception 
Authority 
Review Cycle 
Group Policy 
Board 
Chief Legal 
Officer 
Company 
Secretary 
Board 
Every two years 
Material policy revisions  
Version 
Approval Date 
Effective Date 
Details 
1.0 
21/06/2021 
23/06/2021 
New policy 
2.0 
20/12/2022 
20/12/2022 
Updates to policy 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading Policy 
                        Endeavour Group | 7  
Annexure 1 
Dealing clearance and procedures 
Request to 
deal 
If you are a Designated Person or Associate, you must follow the procedures below to deal in 
Endeavour Securities: 
1. Submit a written request (in the prescribed form) of the intention to deal in Endeavour 
Securities concurrently to the relevant endorser and approver (in the table below). 
Person requesting 
Endorser 
Approver 
Endeavour directors (including the 
CEO but excluding Board Chair) and 
Associates 
CLO & Company Secretary 
Board Chair 
Board Chair and Associates 
CLO & Company Secretary 
Audit, Risk & Compliance 
Management Committee Chair 
Executive Committee member 
(except CEO & CLO) and Associates 
CLO & Company Secretary 
CEO 
CLO and Associates 
Company Secretary 
CEO 
Company Secretary and Associates 
CLO  
Board Chair 
Executive Committee member 
direct reports (except CEO & CLO) 
CLO 
Company Secretary 
Other nominated persons  
CLO 
Company Secretary 
 
The prescribed form will require: details of the proposed dealing (including the HIN/SRN of 
the Endeavour Securities); confirmations that neither the Designated Person or Associate is in 
possession of Inside Information in relation to Endeavour Securities and they understand 
their obligations under the policy; and an acknowledgement that the holder of the Endeavour 
Securities is personally responsible for the decision to deal.  
 
2. The approver will respond promptly to the person requesting clearance, with the outcome of 
the request, once considered by the endorser. A request may be granted, refused or made 
conditional at the absolute discretion of the approver and without providing any reasons. A 
refusal is final and binding on the person making the request and must be kept confidential. 
An approval is not an endorsement of the proposed dealing. Individuals are responsible for 
investment decisions and compliance with the law.  
Dealing 
once 
clearance 
obtained 
3. If approval is granted, the Designated Person or Associate must undertake the dealing within 
three business days of obtaining the clearance (unless clearance is revoked by the approver), 
otherwise a new clearance will be required. The Designated Person or Associate must not 
deal if they come into possession of Inside Information in relation to Endeavour Securities 
after clearance has been obtained. 
 
4. A dealing must be placed within a Trading Window (not prior) and executed by 4.00pm on the 
last day of the relevant Trading Window. A dealing may settle after the close of the Trading 
Window. 
Notification  
5. The person dealing must inform the approver and the Company Secretary that the dealing 
has been finalised no later than the next business day.  
Trading window exemption or prohibited dealing procedures 
 
6. If you are a Designated Person or Associate who seeks:  
a. 
a trading window exemption to deal in Endeavour Securities you must follow the 
procedures in paragraph 1 to 3 and 5 above, except that you must also provide a 
description of the exceptional circumstances and provide sufficient evidence showing 
that the proposed dealing is the most reasonable course of action in the circumstances; 
or 
b. 
an approval for a prohibited dealing under paragraph 16b then you must provide 
written details of the securitisation arrangement and any other information requested 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading Policy 
                        Endeavour Group | 8  
by Endeavour. The request should be submitted concurrently to the CLO and Company 
Secretary (Endorsers) and the Chair and the Board Chair of the Audit, Risk & 
Compliance Management Committee (Approvers), who will consider the request in 
accordance with paragraph 2 above.  
 
7. If there is any concern about determining an exceptional circumstance the approver should 
exercise the discretion with caution. 
 
For personal use only
