ENERGY FUELS INC. 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 
(As Approved by the Board on January 29, 2025) 
 
PURPOSE 
 
Energy Fuels Inc. (the “Company”) is a publicly traded company with its common shares listed 
on the Toronto Stock Exchange (the “TSX”) and the NYSE American LLC (the “NYSE 
American,” and together with the TSX, the “Exchanges”). As such, trades in the Company’s 
securities1 are subject to Canadian and United States securities laws, rules and regulations, as well 
as the rules and regulations of the Exchanges (collectively, “securities laws”). Securities laws 
generally prohibit trading or dealing (including “tipping”) in the securities of a company at a time 
when the person making the trade possesses material non-public information. Anyone violating 
these securities laws may be subject to personal liability and could face criminal and civil penalties, 
fines, and/or imprisonment, and risks causing significant damage to the Company’s and their own 
reputation. While the regulatory authorities concentrate their efforts on the individuals who trade, 
or who tip inside information to others who trade, the United States federal securities laws also 
impose potential liability on companies and other “controlling persons” if they fail to take 
reasonable steps to prevent insider trading by company personnel. 
 
The purpose of this Policy is to assist Company Personnel (as defined below) in complying with 
their obligations. This Policy does not replace your responsibility to understand and comply with 
the legal prohibitions on insider trading and, if applicable, your obligation for insider reporting. 
 
It is also important that Company Personnel avoid the appearance of impropriety and remain in full 
compliance with securities laws while trading in securities of the Company, including without 
limitation the purchase, sale or exercise of Securities. Accordingly, you must exercise good 
judgment when engaging in trading in Securities and should be cautious about relaying to others 
information obtained as a result of your employment with, or other relationship to, the Company. 
If you have any doubt as to whether you may trade in Securities or share any information about the 
Company with others, you should refrain from taking such action unless, and until, you have 
received approval from the Company’s Chief Legal Officer (the “CLO”).  
 
COMPANY PERSONNEL 
 
The following persons are required to observe and comply with this Policy: 
 
(a) 
all directors, officers and employees of the Company or its subsidiaries; 
 
(b) 
any other person retained by or engaged in business or professional activity on behalf of 
the Company or any of its subsidiaries (such as a consultant, independent contractor or 
adviser), that the CLO designates as being subject to this Policy; 
 
(c) 
any family member, spouse or other person living in the household or a dependent child of 
any of the individuals referred to in Sections (a) or (b) above; and 
 
1 “Securities” include common shares and any other security that the Company may issue including preferred 
shares, options, deferred share units, performance units, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock 
appreciation rights, debentures, warrants, puts, calls and other derivative instruments with respect to such 
securities and any other securities that are convertible or exchangeable into such securities. 

2 
(d) 
partnerships, trusts, corporations, Registered Retirement Savings Plans (“RRSPs”) and 
similar entities over which any of the above-mentioned individuals exercise control or 
direction. 
 
For the purposes of this Policy, the persons listed above are collectively referred to as “Company 
Personnel.” Sections (c) and (d) should be carefully reviewed by Company Personnel; those 
sections have the effect of making various family members or holding companies or trusts of the 
persons referred to in Sections (a) and (b) subject to the Policy. You are responsible for the 
transactions of these other persons and therefore should make them aware of the need to confer 
with you before they trade in the Company’s securities. 
 
MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION 
 
“Material non-public information” is information that: 
 
(a) could reasonably be expected to have a significant effect, positive or negative, on the 
market price or value of the Company’s securities; or 
 
 
(b)  a reasonable investor would consider important in making an investment decision to buy, 
sell or hold the securities of the Company, 
 
and that has not been previously disclosed or published by means of a broadly disseminated news 
release or securities filing with a reasonable amount of time having been given for investors to 
consider the information. For Canadian securities law purposes, material non-public information 
includes both “material facts” and “material changes”. 
 
Examples of information that could be considered to be material information include but are not 
limited to: financial results and changes in financial performance; projections and strategic plans; 
drilling results; resource and reserve estimates; corporate acquisitions and dispositions; 
negotiations concerning contracts with outside parties; changes to assets and operations; changes 
in ownership of the Company’s securities that may affect the control of the Company; changes in 
senior management or the Board of Directors; litigation or regulatory challenges; environmental 
liabilities or regulatory non-compliance; changes in corporate structure, such as reorganizations, 
amalgamations, arrangements or mergers; changes in capital structure; new debt or events of 
default; public or private sale of additional securities; receipt of, or any delay in receipt or failure 
to receive governmental approvals; entering into or loss of contracts; labor disputes or disputes 
with contractors, customers or suppliers; takeover bids and issuer bids; and any decision to 
implement such a change by the Company’s Board of Directors or by senior management who 
believe that confirmation of the decision by the Company’s Board of Directors is probable. 
 
If you have any doubt whether certain information is “material,” you should not trade or 
communicate such information. Information is “non-public” until it has been made available to 
investors generally, such as in publicly available reports filed with the applicable Exchanges or 
securities commission or in press releases issued by a company. In general, information may be 
presumed to have been available to investors after one (1) full trading day following the formal 
release of such information. If, for example, the Company were to make an announcement prior to 
the opening of trading on a Monday, you should not trade in the Company’s securities until the 
opening of trading on Tuesday. If an announcement were made on a Monday, but after the opening 
of trading on that day, you should not trade in the Company’s securities until the opening of trading 
on Wednesday. In this Policy, a “trading day” shall mean any full day on which any of the 

3 
Securities trade on either of the Exchanges (or on any other exchange the Company’s securities 
may become listed on in the future). 
 
In addition, it is the policy of the Company that no Company Personnel who, in the course of 
working for the Company, learns of material non-public information about another company with 
which the Company does business, including a customer or supplier of the Company, or a 
counterparty in negotiation of a material potential transaction, may trade in that other company’s 
securities until the information becomes publicly available or is no longer material. 
 
Remember, anyone scrutinizing your transactions will be doing so after the fact, with the benefit 
of hindsight. As a practical matter, before engaging in any transaction, you should carefully 
consider how enforcement authorities and others might view the transaction in hindsight. 
 
PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES APPLICABLE TO ALL COMPANY PERSONNEL 
 
The following activities are prohibited for all Company Personnel: 
 
Insider Trading: Subject to the limited exceptions set out below, you must not engage in, and shall 
ensure that no member of your immediate family or household, directly or indirectly engages in 
trading (as defined below) in any Securities, whether of the Company or of any other public 
companies, while in possession of material, non-public information regarding such securities 
(“insider trading”) of the Company or such other public company.  
 
Under this Policy, “trading” includes any sale, purchase or gift of Securities, including but not 
limited to: (a) hedging or monetization transactions or similar arrangements with respect to 
securities of the Company; (b) holding Company securities in a margin account or pledging 
Company securities as collateral for a loan; (c) buying or selling puts or calls or other derivative 
securities on the Company’s securities; (d) the exercise of Securities granted under the Company’s 
equity awards plans; and (e) the purchase of any other securities under any other Company benefit 
plan or arrangement. 
 
Transactions that may be necessary or justifiable for independent reasons (such as the need to raise 
money for an emergency expenditure) are not excepted from this Policy. The securities laws do not 
recognize such mitigating circumstances, and, in any event, even the appearance of an improper 
transaction must be avoided to preserve the Company’s reputation for adhering to the highest 
standards of conduct. 
 
Tipping: You must not disclose, directly or indirectly, material, non-public or other confidential 
information relating to the Company, or other public companies when obtained in the course of 
service to the Company, to anyone, inside or outside of the Company (including family or 
household members) (“tipping”), and you must refrain from making any recommendations, or 
from encouraging or expressing opinions on the basis of material, non-public information or other 
confidential information as to trading in any Securities of the Company or any other public 
company. Both the person who provides the information and the person who receives the 
information are liable under applicable securities laws if the person who receives the information 
trades in securities based on the provided material non-public information.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, there is an exception to making selective disclosure if such 
disclosure is required in the necessary course of the Company’s business (and for certainty, such 
disclosure should only be made solely on a need-to-know basis consisting of only that information 
that is necessary for the recipient to be able to perform its responsibilities, and it is reasonable to 

4 
believe from the circumstances that the information will not be misused or improperly disclosed 
by the recipient). The determination as to whether disclosure is made in the “necessary course of 
business” is technical and complex and you must not make any such disclosure unless and until 
you receive the approval of the CLO. 
You must treat all information concerning the Company as confidential and proprietary to the 
Company. Any uncertainty concerning the disclosure of any such information to other persons in 
the course of the Company’s business should be immediately brought to the attention of the CLO 
for resolution. 
Trading During Blackout Periods: Company Personnel who are Restricted Personnel (as defined 
below) must not, directly or indirectly, trade in securities of the Company during any Blackout 
Period (as defined below). See “Blackout Periods,” below. 
ADDITIONAL PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS APPLICABLE ONLY TO INSIDERS 
The following additional activities are prohibited for directors and reporting officers (meeting the 
definition of “officer” pursuant to Section 16a-1(f) (“Section 16”) of the United States Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as well as the definition of “reporting 
insider” pursuant to Canadian National Instrument (“NI”) 55-104 “Insider Reporting Requirements 
and Exemptions”) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, as well as: 
 
(a)  any family member, spouse or other person living in the household or a dependent child 
of any such director or reporting officer; and 
 
(b) partnerships, trusts, corporations, RRSPs and similar entities over which any such director 
or reporting officer exercise control or direction, 
 
collectively referred to in this Policy as “Insiders.” 
 
Short Term or Speculative Transactions in the Company’s Securities: 
The Company considers it improper and inappropriate for any Insiders to engage in short-term or 
speculative transactions in the Company’s securities. It therefore is the Company’s policy that 
Insiders may not engage in any of the following transactions: 
Short-term Trading. Short-term trading of the Company’s securities may be distracting and 
may unduly focus Insiders on the Company’s short-term stock market performance instead of the 
Company’s long-term business objectives. For these reasons, any Insider who purchases Company 
securities in the open market may not sell any Company securities of the same class during the six 
(6) months following the purchase without pre-clearance. Under very special circumstances, short-
term trading may be permitted. The person wishing to sell Company securities during the six (6) 
months following the open market purchase must first pre-clear the proposed transaction with the 
CLO. Any request for pre-clearance of a short-term trading arrangement must be submitted to the 
CLO at least five (5) trading days prior to the proposed execution of the transaction and must set 
forth a justification for the proposed transaction. 
U.S. securities laws additionally prohibit Insiders from realizing any “short-swing profit” 
in securities of the Company. Any profit realized by directors or officers of the Company or its 
subsidiaries on a purchase and sale or sale and purchase of the Company’s equity securities within 

5 
any six (6)-month period belongs to and is recoverable by the Company. See “Section 16 Short 
Swing Trading Rules,” below. 
Short Sales. No Insider shall directly or indirectly engage in a short sale of the Company’s 
securities (other than in connection with “cashless” exercises of stock options under the Company’s 
equity compensation plans and the number of securities acquired on such exercise equals or exceeds 
the number of securities sold). A short sale is a sale of securities not owned or fully paid for by the 
seller or, if owned and fully paid, not delivered against such sale within twenty (20) days thereafter. 
Investing in securities of the Company provides an opportunity to share in the growth of the 
Company. However, a short sale of the Company’s securities evidences an expectation on the part 
of the seller that the securities will decline in value. Such sales put the personal gain of the Insider 
in conflict with the best interests of the Company.  
In addition, Section 16(c) of the Exchange Act prohibits officers and directors from 
engaging in short sales.  
Publicly Traded Options. A transaction in publicly traded options is, in effect, a bet on the 
short-term movement of the Company’s stock and may create the appearance that the Insider is 
trading based on inside information. Transactions in options also may focus such person’s attention 
on short-term performance at the expense of the Company’s long-term objectives. Accordingly, 
transactions in puts, calls or other derivative securities by Insiders, on an exchange or in any other 
organized market, are prohibited by this Policy. Option positions arising from certain types of 
hedging transactions are governed by the section captioned “Hedging Transactions,” below. 
Hedging Transactions. In order to ensure the effectiveness of share ownership policies 
aimed at aligning the interests of Insiders with shareholders, Insiders are not permitted to purchase 
financial instruments, including, for greater certainty, prepaid variable forward contracts, equity 
swaps, collars, or units of exchange funds, that are designed to hedge or offset a decrease in market 
value of equity securities of the Company granted as compensation or held, directly or indirectly, 
by the Insider. These types of transactions allow a person to lock in much of the value of his or her 
stock holdings, often in exchange for all or part of the potential for upside appreciation in the stock. 
These transactions allow the person to continue to own the covered securities, but without the full 
risks and rewards of ownership. When that occurs, the person may no longer have the same 
objectives as the Company’s other shareholders. Therefore, the Company prohibits Insiders from 
engaging in such transactions. 
Pledges. Securities pledged (or hypothecated) as collateral for a loan may be sold in 
foreclosure if the borrower defaults on the loan. Because a foreclosure sale may occur at a time 
when the pledgor is aware of material non-public information or otherwise is not permitted to trade 
in Company securities, Insiders are prohibited from pledging Company securities as collateral for 
a loan. An exception to this prohibition may be granted where a person wishes to pledge Company 
securities as collateral for a loan (not including margin debt) and clearly demonstrates the financial 
capacity to repay the loan without resort to the pledged securities. Any Insider who wishes to pledge 
Company securities as collateral for a loan must submit a request for approval to the CLO at least 
five (5) trading days prior to the proposed execution of documents evidencing the proposed pledge. 
 
Prohibition on Holding Securities in Margin Accounts. Because securities held in a margin 
account with a broker or bank may be sold without the accountholder’s consent in the event of a 
margin call, to avoid any risk that a margin call results in the sale of securities issued by the 
Company at a time when an individual possesses material non-public information or is otherwise 
prohibited from trading, no Insider shall purchase on margin or hold in a margin account with a 

6 
brokerage firm, bank or other entity any securities of the Company. This means such persons are 
prohibited from borrowing from a brokerage firm, bank or other entity in order to purchase the 
Company securities (other than in connection with “cashless” exercises of stock options or other 
equity awards under the Company’s equity compensation plans and the exercise price of the 
securities acquired on such exercise equals or exceeds the amount borrowed). 
 
Pre-Clearance:  
 
Insiders must not, directly or indirectly, trade in securities of the Company (in Canada, the United 
States or any other country or jurisdiction), except in accordance with the pre-clearance procedures 
described below. 
 
POST-TERMINATION TRANSACTIONS 
 
This Policy continues to apply to your transactions in Company securities even after your 
employment or other relationship with the Company and its subsidiaries terminates, for so long as 
you continue to be in possession of material non-public information. If you are in possession of 
material non-public information when your employment or other relationship terminates, you may 
not trade in Company securities until that information has become public or is no longer material. 
 
BLACKOUT PERIODS  
 
The restrictions on trading in Securities set out in this section will apply to the following persons: 
 
(a) 
all directors, officers and salaried employees of the Company or its subsidiaries; 
 
(b) 
any other employee that the CLO designates as being subject to this section; 
 
(c) 
any other person retained by or engaged in business or professional activity on behalf of 
the Company or any of its subsidiaries (such as a consultant, independent contractor or 
adviser), that the CLO designates as being subject to this section; 
 
(d) 
any family member, spouse or other person living in the household or a dependent child of 
any of the individuals referred to in Sections (a), (b) or (c) above; and 
 
(e) 
partnerships, trusts, corporations, RRSPs and similar entities over which any of the above-
mentioned individuals exercise control or direction, 
 
collectively referred to in this Policy as “Restricted Personnel.” 
 
Subject to the limited exceptions set out below, Restricted Personnel are prohibited from trading 
Securities during each period of time when financial statements are being prepared but results have 
not yet been publicly disclosed (a “Scheduled Blackout Period”). A Scheduled Blackout Period 
will commence at 8:00 am (Toronto time) on the first trading day after the period that is fourteen 
(14) calendar days after the end of each fiscal quarter or fiscal year end, as the case may be, and 
ending after one (1) full trading day following the formal release of such information. If, for 
example, the Company were to issue a news release disclosing the quarterly or annual financial 
results prior to the opening of trading on a Monday, Restricted Personnel would be prohibited from 
trading in the Company’s securities until the opening of trading on Tuesday. If the news release 
were made on a Monday, but after the opening of trading on that day, Restricted Personnel would 
be prohibited from trading in the Company’s securities until the opening of trading on Wednesday.  

7 
 
Additional restrictions on trading may be prescribed from time to time by the CLO as a result of 
special circumstances (an “Additional Blackout Period” and, together with a Scheduled Blackout 
Period, a “Blackout Period”). All parties with knowledge of such special circumstances shall be 
covered by such Additional Blackout Period. Affected parties may include external advisors, such 
as legal counsel, investment bankers and counterparties in negotiations of material potential 
transactions. 
 
Every person subject to a Blackout Period who intends to trade in Securities, directly or indirectly, 
(or who stands to benefit from a trade of Securities by a family or household member) during a 
trading restriction is required to obtain the prior approval of the CLO. The CLO may waive the 
application of any particular Blackout Period in respect of one or more such person(s) where the 
CLO has determined that it is not inappropriate, and the person(s) is/are not privy to non-public 
material information. Such waiver shall be reported to the Company’s Disclosure Committee. 
 
Blackout Periods do not apply to: 
 
• 
trading activities pursuant to a Pre-Approved Trading Plan (as defined below);  
 
• 
the issuance of common shares upon the vesting of restricted share units (“RSUs”) which 
were granted previously at a time that did not fall within a Blackout Period, provided that 
the Blackout Period will apply to the sale of any common shares issued under the RSUs. 
Applicable laws will be complied with in determining and implementing Blackout Periods 
associated with any other benefit plans the Company may have; and 
 
• 
the exercise by the Company of a pre-arranged tax withholding right pursuant to which 
Restricted Personnel elect to have the Company withhold and sell common shares subject 
to vested RSUs or other equity award to satisfy tax withholding requirements.  
  
Remember that trading outside the Blackout Periods or being excluded from the list of persons 
subject to the Blackout Periods will not relieve you from liability if you are aware of material non-
public information. 
All efforts will be made to advise of Blackout Periods as soon as possible; however, it is your 
responsibility to ensure that you are not in violation of the prohibition against trading during a 
Blackout Period by pre-clearing transactions in accordance with this Policy.  
 
PRE-CLEARANCE 
 
To help prevent inadvertent violations of securities laws and to avoid even the appearance of trading 
on inside information, Insiders and any other persons designated by the CLO as being subject to 
the Company’s pre-clearance procedures, together with their family members, may not engage in 
any transaction in the Company’s securities directly or indirectly (including a gift, contribution to 
a trust, or similar transfer) without first obtaining pre-clearance of such transaction from the CLO.  
The CLO will maintain and publish a list of the persons that are subject to the pre-clearance 
requirements. A request for pre-clearance should be submitted to the CLO at least one (1) trading 
day in advance of the proposed transaction. The CLO shall record the date each request is received 
and the date and time each request is approved or disapproved. Unless revoked, a grant of 
permission will normally remain valid until the close of trading five (5) trading days following the 

8 
day on which it was granted. If the transaction does not occur during the five (5)-day period, pre-
clearance of the transaction must be re-requested. The CLO is under no obligation to approve a 
trade submitted for pre-clearance and may determine not to permit the trade. Depending on the 
reason for not clearing a trade, the CLO may inform the person why a trade may not be made. Any 
person that is made aware of the reason for an event-specific prohibition on trading shall not 
disclose the reason for the prohibition to third parties and should avoid disclosing the existence of 
the prohibition. 
Pre-clearance is not required for purchases and sales of securities under a Pre-Approved Trading 
Plan (as defined below). With respect to any purchase or sale under a Pre-Approved Trading Plan, 
the third-party effecting transactions on behalf of the Insider should be instructed to send duplicate 
confirmations of all such transactions to the CLO or the CLO’s designee. 
 
In the absence of the CLO, transactions may be pre-cleared by the Chief Financial Officer, provided 
that any transaction by the Chief Financial Officer or the Chief Financial Officer’s family members 
may, in the absence of the CLO, only be approved by the Chief Executive Officer. 
In any case where this Policy would require the CLO or the CLO’s family or household members 
to obtain pre-clearance of a plan or transaction, such pre-clearance may not be granted by the CLO 
and must instead be granted by the Chief Financial Officer, or in the Chief Financial Officer’s 
absence, the Chief Executive Officer. In any case where this Policy would require the Chief 
Executive Officer or President or their family or household members to obtain pre-clearance of a 
plan or transaction, such pre-clearance must be granted by both the Company’s CLO and any one 
of the Chair of the Company’s Board of Directors or the Chief Financial Officer. 
PRE-APPROVED TRADING PLANS 
 
Notwithstanding any of the prohibitions contained in this Policy, Company Personnel may trade in 
Company securities at any time pursuant to a contract, instruction or trading plan that has been 
properly adopted and is properly administered in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange 
Act (a “Rule 10b5-1 Plan”) and an automatic securities purchase plan or automatic securities 
disposition plan, as defined in National Instrument 55-104 (an “Automatic Securities Purchase 
or Disposition Plan,” and together with a Rule 10b5-1 Plan, a “Pre-Approved Trading Plan” or 
“Plan”). All adopted Pre-Approved Trading Plans must comply with all applicable policies 
established by the Company, in addition to complying with applicable Canadian and United States 
laws. As all Plans trading in the Company’s securities must be duly compliant with the 
aforementioned Canadian and U.S. securities laws, the more restrictive laws between the two are 
deemed to apply in each case. 
 
The rules applicable to Pre-Approved Trading Plans are complex and technical in nature, so you 
should not employ a Pre-Approved Trading Plan without obtaining advice from legal counsel. A 
Pre-Approved Trading Plan may not be adopted at any time when you are aware of material non-
public information or are subject to a Blackout Period. 
 
Prior to adopting, amending, suspending or terminating a Pre-Approved Trading Plan, the creator 
of the Plan (the “Plan Creator”) must confer with, and obtain the prior approval of, the CLO, 
which will be provided promptly.  
 
Each Pre-Approved Trading Plan must satisfy the following criteria in order to be approved by the 
CLO: 
 

9 
a) the Plan must be in writing; 
 
b) the Plan must not be entered into at a time when the Plan Creator has material non-public 
information (for the avoidance of doubt, adoption of a Plan while aware of such 
information, but where such information is subsequently disclosed prior to any trades made 
under the Plan, is not sufficient to rely on the Rule 10b5-1 safe harbor); 
  
c) at the time the Plan is entered into, the Plan Creator must be in compliance with this Policy 
and any applicable Company share ownership policies, and entering into the Plan must not 
be inconsistent with those policies; 
 
d) the Plan may not be adopted during a Blackout Period; 
 
e) The Plan must have a term of at least six (6) months and no more than two (2) years in 
order to minimize the need for any voluntary modifications, terminations or suspensions;  
 
f) if a director or a reporting officer subject to Section 16, the Plan Creator is required to 
include a representation in the Plan certifying that, at the time the Plan Creator enters into 
the Plan, the Plan Creator is not aware of any material non-public information about the 
security or Company, and that the Plan Creator is adopting the Plan in good faith and not 
as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1 or other applicable 
securities laws; 
  
g) no purchases or sales may occur until the expiration of a mandatory waiting period (also 
known as a cooling off period) of at least thirty (30) days between establishment of the 
Plan and the date the initial trade is made under the Plan; provided that, where the Plan 
Creator is an Insider, no purchases or sales may occur until the expiration of a mandatory 
waiting period of the later of: (1) ninety (90) days following adoption of the Plan, or (2) 
two business days following the disclosure of the Company’s financial results in a Form 
10-Q or Form 10-K for the fiscal quarter in which the Plan was adopted or modified (but, 
in any event, not to exceed one hundred twenty (120) days following Plan adoption) (the 
“Mandatory Waiting Period”); 
 
h) The Plan shall prohibit any modification, termination, suspension or lifting of a suspension 
of the Plan during a Blackout Period. Any modification or change to the amount, price or 
timing of the purchase or sale of securities under a Plan, including any other change that 
has any of these effects (such as a suspension or lifting of a suspension), will be deemed to 
be a termination of the Plan and the adoption of a new Plan and must be subject to Company 
review and pre-approval similar to when the Plan was initially adopted. Consequently, a 
new mandatory waiting period in accordance with the Mandatory Waiting Period must be 
observed following the adoption of the new Plan (which, for the avoidance of doubt, must 
also meet the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 at the time of adoption); 
 
i) In order to eliminate any appearance that the Plan Creator is trying to trade before a material 
development is announced, the Plan must not be designed to result in large trades at the 
beginning of the Plan term (Plans that could result in large trades at the beginning of the 
Plan term are permitted if the large trades are the result of a formula that does not favor 
large trades at the beginning of the Plan term) and, further, Plans designed to effect the 
open-market purchase or sale of the total amount of securities in a single open market 
transaction may not be used by the Plan Creator more than once in a 12-month period, 
except for Qualified Sell-to-Cover Plans (as defined below);  

10 
  
j) The Plan’s terms shall specify a non-discretionary trading method, such as through a 
specified amount of securities to be purchased or sold and the price and date for each 
purchase or sale or a written formula, algorithm or computer program for determining the 
amount, price and date for each transaction, and in any event the Plan shall not allow the 
Plan Creator to exercise any subsequent influence over how, when or whether to make 
purchases or sales; 
 
k) the Plan shall not delegate discretion for trading decisions to a broker or other agent, in 
order to avoid any inference of the Plan Creator’s improper influence or discretion over the 
Plan; 
  
l) all Plans must use a broker accepted by the Company as suitable to implement Pre-
Approved Trading Plans, rather than necessarily the Plan Creator’s own individual broker, 
in order to avoid any perception that an Insider is inappropriately communicating with or 
influencing the broker. This will also support timely trade notifications for Section 16(a) 
filings; 
  
m) the CLO will require a pre-approved form of Plan, which would allow flexibility on 
specific trading terms of the Plan while ensuring that other Plan provisions remain 
consistent; 
 
n) each Plan Creator shall have no more than one Pre-Approved Trading Plan outstanding at 
any time, except for: (1) a Plan that is limited to the sale of that number of securities 
necessary to satisfy tax withholding obligations arising exclusively from the vesting of a 
compensatory award, provided the Plan Creator does not otherwise exercise control over 
the timing of such sales (a “Qualified Sell-to-Cover Plan”); (2) separate contracts with 
multiple broker-dealers or agents that, when taken together as a whole, meet all of the 
applicable conditions of and remain collectively subject to the provisions of Rule 10b5-1; 
or (3) a “replacement” Plan pursuant to subpart (h), above, that complies with the 
Mandatory Waiting Period and under which no transactions occur until all trade under the 
previous Plan are completed or the previous Plan expires without execution; and 
 
o) the Plan shall otherwise comply with all applicable securities laws.  
 
Transactions must be made strictly in accordance with the terms of the Pre-Approved Trading Plan; 
the Plan Creator must not alter or deviate from the Plan (whether by changing the amount, price or 
timing of the sale or purchase, or otherwise), except to the extent explicitly permitted in subpart (h) 
above, and the Plan Creator must not enter into or alter a corresponding or hedging transaction or 
position with respect to the Company’s securities subject to the Plan. Any transactions made 
subsequent to a Plan’s termination (whether voluntarily or due to its natural expiry) should be 
carefully considered to avoid unfavorable inferences by the market, regardless of legality.  
 
The Company may restrict the number of securities authorized to be traded through a Pre-Approved 
Trading Plan at any one time or during any specified trading day or period, based on the total 
trading volume at such time or during such day or period, the total number of securities traded at 
any one time or during any one period under all outstanding Pre-Approved Trading Plans, or such 
other criteria as the Company may consider appropriate. 
 
Entering into, renewing, amending, modifying, terminating, suspending or lifting a suspension of 
a Pre-Approved Trading Plan must be done (1) when the Plan Creator is not aware of any material 

11 
non-public information about the Company or its securities and (2) in good faith and not as part of 
a plan or scheme to evade the applicable securities laws. 
 
The Company may at any time conduct an internal review of Company Personnel trades and 
compliance with their Pre-Approved Trading Plans. Such reviews may be conducted annually or 
more frequently, and trades may also be reviewed following extreme price swings in the 
Company’s share price.  
 
Once a Pre-Approved Trading Plan is established, the Plan Creator may not trade securities of the 
Company outside of the Plan (other than in underwritten public offerings, the grant of securities by 
the Company to the Plan Creator pursuant to any Company equity plan, or the acquisition of 
common shares upon the exercise of stock options or SARs by the Plan Creator).  
 
The Company reserves the right to consider and determine whether public announcement of a Pre-
Approved Trading Plan should be made, which may include announcement of the adoption, any 
modification to, and the termination or suspension of the Plan, either through a press release or by 
a Form 8-K or otherwise. All transactions reported to the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”) on Forms 4 and 5, which are intended to qualify for the Rule 10b5-1 safe 
harbor, must clearly state such intent.  
 
TRANSACTIONS UNDER COMPANY PLANS:  
Receipt of Common Shares Pursuant to RSUs or Similar Equity Awards. The receipt of 
common shares pursuant to vested RSUs or a similar equity award (other than through the exercise 
of stock options or SARs) and the exercise of a pre-arranged tax withholding right pursuant to 
which you previously elected to have the Company withhold and sell common shares subject to 
vested RSUs or another equity award to satisfy tax withholding requirements is exempt from this 
Policy. 
Related Sales. This Policy applies to any sale of stock acquired pursuant to any Company 
equity plans, including any sale as part of a broker-assisted cashless exercise of an option and any 
sale necessary to generate the cash needed to pay taxes or any applicable exercise price except 
through a Pre-Approved Trading Plan or pre-arranged tax withholding right. In other words, even 
though your acquisition of stock under a Company equity plan may be exempt from or permitted 
by this Policy, you may not sell the stock you acquire under the Company equity plan, sell stock in 
anticipation of your acquisition, or engage in any other transactions involving Company securities 
unless you do so in compliance with this Policy or pursuant to a Pre-Approved Trading Plan or pre-
arranged tax withholding right.  
 
INSIDER REPORTING OBLIGATIONS 
 
Immediately after becoming a reporting Insider, and immediately following the purchase, sale or 
bona fide gift of securities of the Company, a reporting Insider must complete all Insider reports 
required by applicable securities laws within the prescribed time periods. The Corporate Secretary 
of the Company will provide guidance and inform those individuals who meet the applicable 
definitions of reporting Insiders and may provide filing support to them as deemed appropriate. 
However, the Company is not responsible for alerting reporting Insiders of their obligations or for 
filing Insider trading reports, other than in connection with the initial issuance of securities by the 
Company or from the Company’s treasury. 
 
 

12 
SECTION 16 SHORT SWING TRADING RULES 
  
Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act prevents Insiders from realizing any “short-swing profit” in 
Company securities. Any profit realized by an Insider on a purchase and sale or sale and purchase 
of equity securities of the Company within any six-month period belongs to and is recoverable by 
the Company, and any shareholder may bring an action for collection on behalf of the Company. 
Your transactions will be matched so that the greatest profit may be recovered. Insiders should 
carefully review with their legal advisor any proposed transaction to ensure that it will not result in 
their “profit” being disgorged to the Company. 
 
RULE 144 REQUIREMENTS  
 
All Company securities sold by or on behalf of Insiders in the public market must be sold in 
accordance with the technical requirements of Rule 144, including the filing of a Form 144 with 
the SEC prior to or concurrently with the trade, even if the securities were purchased in the open 
market. A knowledgeable broker can assist you with the necessary paperwork. Please provide 
advance notice of a proposed sale to the CLO in order to expedite the process, resolve any issues 
and avoid any Rule 144 violations. Please note that special considerations apply to the preparation 
and filing of Forms 144 that relate to sales pursuant to Pre-Approved Trading Plans. 
 
COMPLIANCE 
 
Your actions with respect to matters governed by this Policy are significant indications of your 
judgment, ethics, and competence. Any actions in violation of this Policy may be grounds for 
disciplinary action, up to and including immediate dismissal, as well as exposure to civil and 
criminal liability.  
 
EFFECTIVE DATE 
 
This Policy was approved by the Board of Directors of the Company on November 5, 2015 and 
became effective on that date, with the exception of the following sections, all of which were 
effective as of January 1, 2016: 
 
- 
“Short Term Trading” (under the general headings “Additional Prohibited Transactions 
Applicable Only to Insiders: Short Term or Speculative Transactions in the Company’s 
Securities”); 
- 
“Pre-Clearance” (under the general heading: “Additional Prohibited Transactions Applicable 
Only to Insiders”); 
- 
“Pre-Clearance”;  
- 
“Section 16 Short Swing Trading Rules”; and  
- 
“Rule 144 Requirements.” 
