 
 
EchoIQ Limited | ABN 48 142 901 353  
Level 11, 66 Clarence St, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia 
+61 2 9159 3719 www.echoiq.ai 
 
ASX: EIQ RELEASE 
                        19 June 2026 
 
Updated Securities Trading Policy 
 
Sydney: AI and Medical Technology Company Echo IQ Limited (ASX: EIQ) (“Echo IQ” or “the Company”) advises 
in accordance with Listing Rule 12.10, that, following an annual review of its corporate governance framework, an 
amended Securities Trading Policy (‘the Policy’) has been adopted by the Board.  The Policy is attached and is also 
available on the Company’s website at www.echoiq.ai with the suite of Company Charters and Policies. 
 
For further enquiries contact: 
 
- ENDS - 
 
Authorised for release by the Executive Chair of Echo IQ Limited. 
 
Investor Enquiries: 
Andrew Grover, Executive Chair 
 
 
 
Henry Jordan, Six Degrees Investor Relations  
Andrew.grover@echoiq.ai / investor@echoiq.ai  
 
Henry.jordan@sdir.com.au / +61 (0) 431 271 538 
 
 
ABOUT ECHO IQ 
Echo IQ uses AI-driven technology and proprietary software to improve decision making in Cardiology.  
The company is based in Sydney, Australia. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TM Registered trademark or trademark of Echo IQ Ltd. or its affiliates. © 2026 Echo IQ Ltd. All rights reserved. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
Echo IQ Limited  
ABN 48 142 901 353  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18 June 2026 
For personal use only

2 
 
1. 
Introduction 
 
This Securities Trading Policy (Policy) sets out the policy of EchoIQ Limited ABN 48 142 
901 353 (Company) on dealings by directors and employees of the Company in: 
(a) 
securities of the Company (Company Securities); and 
(b) 
securities of other entities. 
If you do not understand any part of this Policy, the summary of the law or how it applies 
to you, you should raise the matter with your manager or the Company Secretary before 
dealing with any securities covered by this Policy. 
 
2. 
Rationale for the Policy 
 
Under Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the Corporations Act), insider trading 
laws operate to prohibit people in possession of non-public, price sensitive information 
from dealing in securities or passing on the information to other people who may deal in 
securities. 
This Policy is intended to: 
(a) 
ensure that all Directors, employees and contractors of the Company and its 
subsidiaries (and their associates) are aware of the insider trading laws as they 
apply to trading in Company Securities; and 
(b) 
protect the reputation of the Company and its Directors and officers by seeking 
to avoid the possibility that misconceptions, misunderstandings or suspicions 
might arise as a result of trading by Directors and others who may be, or be 
perceived to be, in possession of Inside Information (see definition in section 4.3). 
This Policy seeks to do so by imposing additional restrictions on the trading of securities 
by Restricted Persons (defined below). 
 
3. 
Meaning of "Securities" 
 
For the purposes of this Policy, "Securities" means shares, debentures, options to 
subscribe for new shares and options over existing shares, warrant contracts and other 
derivatives relating to the shares. 
 
4. 
Insider trading laws 
 
4.1 
Prohibition 
If you have any Inside Information (see definition in section 4.3) about the Company (or 
another relevant entity, such as a company with which the Company is considering a 
transaction) which is not publicly known, it is a criminal offence for you to: 
(a) 
trade in Company Securities (or securities of the other relevant entity); 
(b) 
advise or procure another person to trade in Company Securities (or securities of 
the other relevant entity); or 
(c) 
pass on Inside Information to someone else (including colleagues, family or 
friends) knowing (or where you should have reasonably known) that the other 
person will, or is likely to, use that information to trade in, or procure someone else 
to trade in, Company Securities (or securities of the other relevant entity). 
4.2 
Consequences of insider trading 
This offence, called "insider trading", can subject you to: 
(a) 
criminal liability including large fines and/or imprisonment; 
For personal use only

3 
 
(b) 
a civil penalty (fine) of up to hundreds of thousands of dollars; and 
(c) 
civil liability, which may include being sued for any loss suffered as a result of 
illegal trading. 
4.3 
Inside Information 
"Inside information" is information that: 
(a) 
is not generally available; and 
(b) 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect that it would (or 
would be likely to) influence investors in deciding whether to buy or sell particular 
securities. 
The financial impact of the information is important, but strategic and other implications 
can be equally important in determining whether information is Inside Information. The 
definition of information is broad enough to include rumours, matters of supposition, 
intentions of a person (including the Company) and information which is insufficiently 
definite to warrant disclosure to the public. 
Importantly, you need not be an "insider" to come across Inside Information. That is, it 
does not matter how you come to know the Inside Information (for example, you could 
learn it in the course of carrying out your responsibilities or in passing in the corridor or in 
a lift or at a dinner party). 
4.4 
Examples of Inside Information 
The following list is illustrative only. Inside Information could include: 
(a) 
the financial performance of the Company against budget; 
(b) 
a possible acquisition or sale of any assets by the Company; 
(c) 
a possible change in the Company's capital structure; 
(d) 
a proposed dividend; 
(e) 
senior management changes; 
(f) 
development of a new business line or product offering; or 
(g) 
any possible claim against the Company or other unexpected liability. 
4.5 
Insider trading is prohibited at all times 
If you possess Inside Information, you must not buy or sell Company Securities, advise or 
get others to do so or pass on the Inside Information to others. This prohibition applies 
regardless of how you learn the information. 
The prohibition on insider trading applies not only to information concerning Company 
Securities. If a person has Inside Information in relation to securities of another company, 
that person must not deal in those securities. 
 
5. 
Confidential information 
 
Related to the above, Directors, employees and contractors also have a duty of 
confidentiality to the Company. You must not reveal any confidential information 
concerning the Company, use that information in any way which may injure or cause loss 
to the Company, or use that confidential information to gain an advantage for yourself. 
 
6. 
Trading restrictions imposed by this Policy 
 
6.1 
Additional restrictions 
Additional restrictions (described below) on trading in Company Securities apply to 
Restricted Persons (defined below). 
For personal use only

4 
 
6.2 
Restricted Persons 
For the purposes of this Policy, "Restricted Persons" are: 
(a) 
all Directors including the CEO; 
(b) 
all other key management personnel of the Company; and 
(c) 
all employees are Restricted Persons for the purposes of this Policy. 
Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for 
planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity, directly or indirectly, and 
generally includes the Company’s executives and those directly reporting to the 
executives. 
6.3 
Close family members and entities closely connected with Restricted Persons 
For this Policy: 
(a) 
a "close family member" of a Restricted Person means a spouse or de facto, any 
minor children or children living with the Restricted Person (including children of 
the Restricted Person's spouse or de facto); and 
(b) 
a "closely connected entity" of a Restricted Person means any family company or 
family trust that the Restricted Person or their "close family members" may 
control or have an interest in 
(collectively, Closely Connected Persons). 
Each Restricted Person must: 
(a) 
ensure that any trading by their Closely Connected Persons is undertaken in 
accordance with this Policy; and 
(b) 
ensure that his or her Closely Connected Persons are aware of this Policy and the 
restrictions it contains. 
6.4 
Reasons for additional restrictions 
Restricted Persons are in positions where it may be assumed that they may come into 
possession of Inside Information and, as a result, any trading by Restricted Persons (or 
their Closely Connected Persons) may reflect badly on them or on the Company (even if a 
Restricted Person has no actual Inside Information at the time). 
This Policy is designed to avoid the possibility that misconceptions, misunderstandings or 
suspicions might arise, and also to protect the reputation of the Company and the 
Restricted Persons. 
6.5 
Restrictions on dealing 
Restricted Persons must not deal in Company Securities: 
(a) 
without prior approval (refer section 6.7); 
(b) 
during any of the following blackout periods: 
(i) 
the period twenty-one days prior to, and until 10.00am on the next trading 
date following the announcement to ASX of the Company’s preliminary 
final report or full year results; 
(ii) 
the period twenty-one days prior to, and until 10.00am on the next trading 
day following the announcement to the ASX of half-yearly results;  
(iii) 
the period seven days prior to, and until 10am on the next trading day 
following the announcement to the ASX of the Company’s quarterly 
results; and 
(iv) 
any other period that the Board specifies from time to time. 
6.6 
No speculative short-term trading 
Restricted Persons should not trade in Company Securities on a short-term basis or for 
speculative trading gain. 
For personal use only

5 
 
The Company considers "short-term" to be a period of 6 months or less. 
6.7 
Prior clearance for dealing 
Restricted Persons are only permitted to deal in Company Securities if they have obtained 
approval as set out below (and on the basis that the rule contained in section 4.1 does not 
apply).  The Clearance to Trade Request Form is attached to this policy as Annexure 1. 
Restricted Persons must notify the Company in advance of any proposed dealing in 
Company Securities. The notification must be made to the person set out in section 7 and 
confirm that they do not hold any Inside Information. 
Upon: 
(a) 
provision of a signed Clearance to Trade Request Form; and 
(b) 
confirmation by the Company Secretary that there is no objection to the person 
trading, the Restricted Person may undertake the proposed dealing. The approved 
clearance to trade will be effective for a period of 5 business days.  If approved 
trading has not been completed in this time period, the Company Secretary 
should be notified and a separate approval may be required.  
6.8 
Exceptions for certain trading 
As an exception to the restrictions in the rule set out in section 6.5(b), Restricted Persons 
are permitted to trade Company Securities in the following circumstances: 
(a) 
transfer of Company Securities to a Closely Connected Person or a Restricted 
Persons' superannuation fund, in respect of which prior clearance has been 
obtained as set out in section 6.7; 
(b) 
a disposal of Company Securities arising from the acceptance of a takeover offer, 
scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back; 
(c) 
a disposal of rights acquired under a pro rata issue; 
(d) 
an acquisition of Company Securities under a security purchase plan or dividend 
purchase plan where the Restricted Person did not commence or amend their 
participation in the plan during a blackout period; 
(e) 
an acquisition of Company Securities under an employee incentive scheme 
(however, the additional restrictions in this policy apply to any subsequent trade 
of any Company Securities issued to (or for the benefit of) a Restricted Person 
under an employee incentive scheme); 
(f) 
where a Restricted Person has been granted approval to enter into margin lending 
or other secured financing arrangement (refer section 6.11), an involuntary 
disposal of securities that result from the margin lender or financier exercising its 
rights under the arrangement. 
Restricted Persons are reminded that they must still comply with the insider trading laws 
even where they would otherwise be permitted by this section 6.8 to trade in Company 
Securities. 
6.9 
Exceptional circumstances 
If a Restricted Person needs to deal in Company Securities due to exceptional 
circumstances but such dealing would breach this Policy, the Restricted Person must 
apply to the person specified in section 7 for a waiver from compliance with the provisions 
in sections 6.5(b) or 6.6. 
Exceptional circumstances include severe financial hardship, compulsion by a court 
order or any other circumstances that are deemed exceptional by the person described in 
section 6.11. 
The Restricted Person seeking a waiver under this section must apply in writing to the 
person specified in section 7, setting out the circumstances of the proposed dealing 
(including an explanation as to the severe financial hardship or circumstances that are 
otherwise exceptional) and the reason the waiver is requested. A wavier will only be 
granted if the Restricted Person's application is accompanied by sufficient evidence (in 
For personal use only

6 
 
the opinion of the person specified in section 7) that the dealing of the relevant securities 
is the most reasonable course of action available in the circumstances and confirmation 
that the person does not possess inside information. 
A decision to grant a waiver must be given or refused by the person specified in section 7, 
without giving reasons. Once given, a waiver can also be withdrawn if new circumstances 
come to light.  
If a waiver is granted, the Restricted Person will be notified in writing (which may include 
notification via email) and in each circumstance the duration of the waiver to deal in 
securities will be 5 business days. 
If a waiver is not granted, the Restricted Person must keep that confidential. 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this section must 
comply with the other sections of this Policy (to the extent practicable). 
6.10 
Requirements after trading 
Once a Restricted Person has completed a trade in Company Securities, the Company 
Secretary must be: 
(a) 
advised that the trade has been completed; and 
(b) 
in the case of Directors, provided with sufficient information to enable the 
Company to comply with the requirements to notify a change of interests to ASX. 
6.11 
Short-selling, hedging and margin lending transactions 
A Restricted Person must not engage in short-selling in respect of the Company's 
Securities. 
A Restricted Person must not engage in transactions designed to hedge their exposure to 
Company Securities. 
A Restricted Person must not enter into margin lending or other secured financing 
arrangements in respect of Company Securities, unless the prior approval of the Chair (or 
his or her delegate) has been obtained. 
 
7. 
Consents and notifications 
 
Where this Policy requires a notification to occur, or consent, or waiver to be obtained 
(unless the context requires otherwise) the table below sets out whom each Restricted 
Person must notify or seek approval from. 
 
Restricted Person 
Person to notify and obtain consent 
Chair of the Board 
The Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee (or his / her delegate) 
Other Restricted Persons 
Chair 
of 
the 
Board 
(or 
his 
/ 
her 
delegate). 
(The Restricted Person should notify the Company Secretary 
and request that they, on behalf of the Restricted Person, 
notify and request consent from the Chair of the Board). 
 
8. 
Breaches of this Policy 
(a) 
Strict compliance with this Policy is a condition of employment. Breaches of this 
Policy will be subject to disciplinary action, which may include termination of 
employment. 
 
 
For personal use only

7 
 
9. 
Further information 
 
Employees should contact the Company Secretary if they are unsure about whether it is 
acceptable to deal or communicate with others in relation to the Company's Securities or 
other securities or if they have any other queries about this Policy. 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

8 
 
 
Complementary Policies  
Code of Conduct 
Audit and Risk Committee Charter 
 
 
Document Version Control  
Policy Status 
Adoption 
18 June 2026 
 
Version 
V1.0 adopted on 18 June 2026 
Approval Body 
Echo IQ Limited Board 
Maintained by 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

9 
 
Annexure 1 
Clearance to Trade Request Form  
From:  
 (name)  
Position:  
 (title) 
To: 
Chairman & Company Secretary  
TRADING OF COMPANY SECURITIES 
In accordance with the EchoIQ Limited ('Company') securities trading policy, I give notice to you that I 
am proposing to deal with securities in the Company ('Company Securities') in the following manner 
(tick one): 
□ buy Company Securities 
□ sell Company Securities 
□ transfer Company Securities vested under an equity incentive plan to me 
□ transfer Company Securities to a related party (e.g. family company, trust or superannuation fund) 
□ exercise options over Company Securities 
□ utilise derivatives and enter a hedging transaction  
I am a Restricted Person 
□ Yes □ No 
The number of securities that I propose to deal with is up to  
(number). 
The transaction will be carried out on-market / off-market (delete one). 
The transaction is proposed to be carried out in the _________ (number no more than 5) business days 
between _______________(date) and _______________(date). 
I confirm that I have no Inside Information and will comply with the Company's Securities Trading Policy 
in relation to my dealing. 
I agree to notify the Company Secretary of the results of this action within 2 business days of the action. 
Please confirm that I am cleared to deal in Company securities in the manner set out above. 
 
Signed: ................................................................. (by employee requesting clearance) 
 
Date signed:  
 
 
    
 
I confirm that subject to you not gaining any Inside Information, you are authorised to deal in Company 
Securities for the 5 business days following the approval date of the Chairman and/or Company Secretary on 
behalf of the Board. 
 
Chairman  
 
 
 
 
Company Secretary 
Date Approved:   
 
 
 
Date Approved:   
For personal use only
