 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY  
AS AT 30 SEPTEMBER 2015 
1. 
Background 
Trading in the shares and other securities such as options of Emerald Resources NL (“EMR”) 
is subject to, amongst other things, the Corporations Act and the ASX Listing Rules. The 
intent behind the various provisions regulating trading of shares on the ASX is that the 
investment market is kept fully informed of EMR’s activities in order that at any time investors 
are able to make informed investment decisions based on the same information. There are 
strictly enforced criminal sanctions against anyone breaching these rules and engaging in 
what is commonly called "insider trading". 
This Policy applies to EMR Directors, Key Management Personnel, officers, employees and 
consultants (“Staff”). 
2. 
Emerald Securities 
In this Policy, "EMR securities" means shares, rights and options in EMR or associated 
companies. 
3. 
Price Sensitive Information 
Price sensitive information is any information concerning the EMR group that is not generally 
available and that would be expected to have a material effect on the price or value of these 
securities (“price sensitive information”). 
While in possession of price sensitive information, Staff shall not: 
• trade in EMR securities; 
• procure another person to acquire or sell EMR securities; or 
• communicate the price sensitive information to another person. 
Other persons include partners, children, other relatives, family companies, trusts, 
superannuation plans, pension plans and other entities or ventures in which you are in any 
way interested. However, note that the prohibition does not just extend to procuring those 
types of persons. It extends to all third persons such as friends, acquaintances, business 
associates and any other third party. 
In general, all of the above prohibited activity is criminal conduct under the Corporations Act. 
4. 
Examples of Price Sensitive Information 
There are many examples of "price sensitive information". Below is a non-exhaustive list of 
types of sensitive information: 
• exploration results; 
• any major development in the EMR group’s business activity; 
• any major change in the general character or nature of the EMR group’s business; 
• any major acquisition or realisation of assets; 
• any major change in EMR’s capital structure; 
• any major litigation involving the EMR group; 
• the crystallisation of a material liability; 
For personal use only

 
• the quarterly report results of the EMR group; 
• the interim and final financial reports to ASX of the EMR group; 
• declaration of a dividend, bonus share issue, capital return, rights issue or share buy-
back; 
• the material departure by the EMR group from any course of action previously publicly 
disclosed (e.g. in a prospectus, annual report or ASX announcement); 
• the appointment or resignation of a Director or Key Management Personnel; 
• the signing or renewal of any major contracts. 
5. 
Policy on dealing with Price Sensitive Information 
The EMR board has a critical role in identifying and appropriately dealing with price sensitive 
information. This includes: 
• promptly disclosing price sensitive information to the market in accordance with the 
continuous disclosure requirements of the Corporations Law and ASX Listing Rules; 
• ensuring that price sensitive information is kept confidential until publicly announced; 
• carefully monitoring and appropriately responding to any indicators of possible insider 
trading activity (e.g. market rumours, rapid and unexplainable movements in share 
price, etc.); 
• identifying a restricted number of directors and senior officers permitted to talk to the 
press and market analysts; 
• determining a consistent approach for communicating information considered likely to 
be price sensitive; 
• making a formal announcement of any information inadvertently disclosed; 
• ensuring that EMR considers whether it is in possession of any "price sensitive 
information" immediately prior to it issuing any EMR securities. 
6. 
Prohibition and suspension of dealing in Emerald Securities 
EMR's overriding policy is that Staff shall not be dealing in EMR securities in any period they 
are in possession of price sensitive information. 
Furthermore, there may be occasions when the EMR board imposes a suspension on the 
ability of Staff to trade at a time when trading might otherwise have been allowed. This will 
generally only occur in exceptional circumstances determined by the EMR board or Managing 
Director. If it does occur, the EMR board or Managing Director will endeavour to keep the 
suspension to the shortest possible period. If a suspension occurs, Staff must not trade while 
the suspension is in force. 
7. 
Blackout periods 
Unless in possession of price sensitive information at the time of trading, Staff may generally 
trade EMR securities except: 
• in a blackout referred to below, or 
• if EMR suspends trading as referred to in section 6 above. 
In certain 'blackout periods', which precede important announcements EMR makes, Staff 
shall not trade in EMR securities. These blackout periods are designed to assist Staff to 
comply with the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act.  
 
 
For personal use only

 
EMR blackout periods are as follows: 
• 
for calendar quarters ending 31 March and 30 September – the blackout period starts 
10 business days before the planned date for release of the relevant quarterly report 
(which is due for release no later than 1 month after the end of the quarter) and ends 
on the business day after the day of release of the relevant quarterly report to ASX; 
• 
for the calendar quarter ending 30 June – the blackout period starts 10 business days 
before the planned date for release of the June quarterly report (which is due for 
release no later than 1 month after the end of the quarter) and ends on the business 
day after the release of the full year financial report to ASX for June; and 
• 
for the calendar quarter ending 31 December – the blackout period starts 10 business 
days before the planned date for release of the December quarterly report (which is 
due for release no later than 1 month after the end of the quarter) and ends on the 
business day after the release of the half year financial report to ASX for December. 
Only in cases of financial hardship can Staff trade EMR securities in a blackout period and in 
these circumstances written approval must be received from the Chairman. 
8. 
Short term trading 
EMR's policy is also that Staff shall not engage in speculative trading whereby EMR 
securities are purchased with a view to selling or otherwise dealing (including by way of a 
sale and subsequent purchase) in those securities within a 6 month period. However, the 
sale of shares that have been converted after exercising options or rights will not be 
regarded as short term trading. 
This prohibition on short-term trading may be waived by the Chairman of the EMR board or 
the Managing Director in some circumstances (e.g. exercise of options or rights granted 
under the EMR Long-Term Incentive (LTI) Plans). 
9. 
Margin lending 
Margin lending refers to any arrangement which is in the nature of, or parties intend it to be 
in the nature of, loaned monies which are secured or are otherwise supported by a security 
over, or transfer of, EMR securities (regardless of the form the security or transfer takes). 
Directors and Key Management Personnel are prohibited from entering into any dealing in 
EMR securities where such margin lending arrangements apply. 
10. 
Associated parties 
Any Staff who act as trustee of a trust that invests in EMR securities shall ensure their co-
trustees are aware that they are employed by EMR so as to enable their co-trustees to 
anticipate and manage possible difficulties. 
This Policy applies equally to any dealings in EMR securities by a Staff’s spouse, partner or 
by or on behalf of any dependent child, family company or family trust. Staff shall, to the 
extent they are able to do so, prevent any such dealing at a time when they themselves are 
not free to deal. 
11. 
Share Options and Rights 
Insider trading prohibitions will generally not apply to the acquisition by any Staff of EMR 
securities under EMR’s LTI Plans because EMR will be aware of all of the relevant 
information. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
However: 
• if Staff would like to exercise share options or rights and on-sell any of the resulting 
shares, the matters referred to in this Policy are relevant to any proposed on-sale; and 
• EMR Staff are not permitted to enter into 'hedge contracts' or other forms of 
arrangements which may have the effect of fixing the value of, or return on, securities 
which form part of the incentive component of their remuneration or salary package 
(whether the securities are fully vested or not). This not only includes EMR securities 
issued under the LTI plans but also other EMR securities issued by way of incentive 
remuneration, for example under employment agreements on commencement of, or 
during the term of, employment with EMR. 
 12. 
Dealings not subject to this policy 
The following dealings are not subject to this policy: 
• an undertaking to accept, or acceptance of a takeover offer; 
• transfers in EMR securities already held by staff into a superannuation fund in which 
that person is a beneficiary; 
• dealings under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the shareholders of EMR, 
such as a rights issue, a security purchase plan or a dividend or dividend reinvestment 
plan approved by the Board; 
• the cancellation, lapsing or surrender of an option or right under an LTI plan; and 
• an investment in, or trading in units of a fund (other than a fund only investing in EMR 
securities) where the assets of the fund are invested at the discretion of the third party. 
 13. 
Approval of Securities Trading 
Directors and Company Secretary 
In the case of Directors and the Company Secretary, written advice must be given to, and 
written approval obtained from, the Chairman in respect of all dealings in EMR securities. In 
the case of the Chairman, written advice must be given to, and written approval obtained from, 
the Managing Director in respect of all dealings in EMR securities. In all cases, approval is to 
be given by the Chairman or Managing Director acting in accordance with this policy. 
In addition, any dealings in EMR securities by EMR Directors must be notified in writing to the 
Company Secretary, as soon as practicable, but in any event within five business days of the 
dealing, to enable EMR to satisfy its obligations under Listing Rules 3.19A and 3.19B. 
Key Management Personnel 
In the case of Key Management Personnel (excluding the Company Secretary) written advice 
must be given to, and written approval obtained from, the Managing Director in respect of all 
dealings in EMR securities. In all cases, approval is to be given by the Managing Director 
acting in accordance with this policy. 
Key Management Personnel are to provide written confirmation to the Company Secretary 
when the dealing has taken place. 
For personal use only
