 
 
 
 
 
18 June 2018 
 
REVISED SECURITY TRADING POLICY 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, European Lithium Limited (ASX:EUR, FRA:PF8, 
VSE:ELI) (the Company) advises that it has amended its Securities Trading Policy.   
A copy of the revised Securities Trading Policy is attached. 
 
Tony Sage 
Non-Executive Chairman 
European Lithium Limited 
 
END 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
European Lithium Ltd 
ACN 141 450 624 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 3 
Introduction 
 
The Board of European Lithium Ltd (Company) has 
adopted this Securities Trading Policy (Policy).  This 
Policy applies to the Company and any subsidiary or 
associate company under its control, referred to as the 
Group of Companies (Group). 
 
This Policy imposes general trading restrictions on Key 
Management Personnel, as defined below (KMP) as 
well as employees, contractors and consultants 
(collectively Personnel) of the Company.   
 
Purpose 
 
KMP and Personnel are encouraged to become 
shareholders of the Company however it is essential 
that the Company, KMP and its Personnel comply with 
this Policy as well as the law and high ethical 
standards.  
 
Policy Objectives: 
 
• 
Minimise the risk of KMP and Personnel of the 
Company contravening the laws against insider 
trading; 
• 
Ensure that the Company is able to meet its 
reporting obligations under the ASX Listing Rules; 
and 
• 
To increase transparency with respect to trading in 
securities of the Company by KMP and Personnel. 
 
The Policy: 
 
• 
Sets procedures and imposes restrictions on 
dealing in Company securities; 
• 
Provides 
information 
on 
the 
insider 
trading 
provisions of the Corporations Act 2001; 
• 
Provides guidance and procedures when dealing in 
Company securities; and 
• 
Imposes trading restrictions during specific periods. 
 
Definitions 
 
For the purpose of this Policy: 
 
“dealing in securities” means to buy or sell shares, 
options or other securities in the Company, or enter into 
transactions in relation to shares, options or other 
securities in the Company. It includes procuring another 
person to do any of these things; 
 
“price sensitive information” means information 
concerning the Company that a reasonable person 
would expect to have a material affect on the price or 
value of securities in the Company; 
 
“Key Management Personnel (KMP)” means those 
who have the opportunity to materially influence the 
integrity, strategy and operations of the Company or 
Group and its financial performance.  KMP includes all 
Directors and Officers of the Company and members of 
Senior Management. 
 
 
Outline of Corporations Act Requirements 
 
Sections 1042B to 1043O of the Corporations Act 2001 
prohibit persons who are in possession of price 
sensitive information in relation to particular securities 
that is not generally available to the public from: 
 
• 
Dealing in securities; or 
• 
Communicating the information to others who 
might deal in securities. The central test of what 
constitutes price sensitive information is found in 
section 1042A. It provides that the insider trading 
and 
continuous 
disclosure 
rules 
apply 
to 
information 
concerning 
a 
company 
that 
a 
reasonable person would expect to have a material 
affect on the price or value of securities in the 
company (price sensitive information). 
 
KMP of the Company will from time to time be in a 
situation where they are in possession of price sensitive 
information that is not generally available to the public. 
Examples are the period prior to the release of annual 
or half-yearly results to the Australian Securities 
Exchange Limited (ASX) and the period during which a 
major transaction is being negotiated. 
 
The risk of contravention of insider trading laws in 
relation to information concerning public companies 
was substantially reduced in 1994 with the introduction 
of the continuous disclosure regime. Under that regime, 
public companies are required to disclose all price 
sensitive information immediately to the ASX, except in 
limited circumstances. The test of what constitutes price 
sensitive information under the insider trading laws and 
under the continuous disclosure requirements are 
effectively identical. As a consequence, at least in 
theory, there is no risk of KMP from contravening 
insider trading laws as all relevant information will 
already have been disclosed. 
 
There are a number of limitations and qualifications to 
the above. They include: 
 
• 
The ASX Listing Rules and the Corporations Act 
2001 (Cth) permit companies not to disclose 
certain information, for example in the situation 
where an acquisition is being negotiated and 
remains confidential; 
• 
In the case of a Director, information may be 
known to a particular Director but not yet by the 
Company as a whole (i.e. the Board); 
• 
The Company may not have yet complied with its 
continuous disclosure obligations in relation to a 
particular event or circumstance – there will always 
be some element of delay in doing so; and 
• 
KMP will generally have a better feel for the 
performance of the Company than the public. 
 
In 
these 
situations 
there 
is 
still 
potential 
for 
contravention. There is also the potential for an 
appearance of contravention even if there has not been 
actual contravention. This could reflect badly on the 
Company as well as the KMP concerned. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 3 
Another circumstance that must be guarded against is 
where one or more KMP are aware of an event or 
circumstance and the remaining KMP are not yet 
aware. In such a circumstance it is important that no 
KMP deals in securities because: 
 
• 
there is a risk that they will be found to have been 
guilty of insider trading even if they had no intention 
of committing a contravention; and 
• 
of the potential for such circumstances to reflect 
badly on the Company. 
 
For these reasons, the advice of the Chairman should 
be sought prior to any dealing in securities taking place, 
and steps should be taken to ensure that the Chairman 
is appraised of all relevant considerations by the 
Continuous Disclosure Manager appointed under ASX 
Listing Rule 1.1, condition 12. 
 
Policy – Dealing in Securities 
 
General Policy and Blackout Periods 
 
KMP and Personnel must not at any time engage in 
short-term trading in securities of the Company. 
 
KMP and Personnel must not communicate price 
sensitive information to a person who may deal in 
securities of the Company. In addition KMP or any 
Personnel should not recommend or otherwise suggest 
to any person (including a spouse, relative, friend, 
trustee of a family trust or director of a family company) 
the dealing in securities of the Company. 
 
Subject to the below, KMP and Personnel can deal in 
securities 
of 
the 
Company 
in 
the 
following 
circumstances: 
 
• 
They have satisfied themselves that they are not in 
possession of any price sensitive information that is 
not generally available to the public; 
• 
They have contacted the Chairman or in their 
absence, the Company Secretary and notified them 
of their intention to do so and the Chairman or 
Company Secretary indicates that there is no 
impediment to them doing so; and  
• 
Where the Chairman wishes to deal in securities, 
he has contacted a Non-Executive Director, or in 
his absence, the Company Secretary and notified 
them of their intention to do so and the Non-
Executive Director or Company Secretary indicates 
that there is no impediment to them doing so. 
 
KMP or Personnel are not permitted to buy or sell 
Company securities in the following blackout periods 
(Blackout Periods): 
 
• 
Within the period of 2 days prior to the release of 
annual or half yearly results; and 
• 
When there is in existence price sensitive 
information that has not been disclosed because of 
an ASX Listing Rule exception. 
 
KMP and Personnel should wait at least 2 hours after 
the relevant release before dealing in securities so that 
the market has time to absorb the information. 
 
The Company Secretary will provide email notification 
of the commencement and completion of each Blackout 
Period to all KMP.   
 
Exceptions to Blackout Periods 
 
KMP and Personnel may at any time (including during 
any Blackout Periods):  
 
• 
Acquire, or agree to acquire or exercise options 
under a Company share option plan; 
• 
Withdraw ordinary shares in the Company held on 
behalf of the Personnel in a share plan where the 
withdrawal is permitted by the rules of that plan;  
• 
Transfer securities of the Company already held 
into a superannuation fund or other saving scheme 
in which the restricted person is a beneficiary;  
• 
Make an investment in, or trade in units of, a fund 
or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in the securities of the Company) where 
the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested 
at the discretion of a third party;  
• 
Where a restricted person is a trustee, trade in the 
securities of the Company by that trust provided 
the restricted person is not a beneficiary of the trust 
and any decision to trade during a prohibited period 
is taken by the other trustees or by the investment 
managers independently of the restricted person;  
• 
Undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer;  
• 
Trade under an offer or invitation made to all or 
most of the security holders, such as, a rights 
issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or 
distribution reinvestment plan and an equal access 
buy-back, where the plan that determines the 
timing and structure of the offer has been approved 
by the Board. This includes decisions relating to 
whether or not to take up the entitlements and the 
sale of entitlements required to provide for the take 
up of the balance of entitlements under a 
renounceable pro rata issue;  
• 
Dispose of securities of the Company resulting 
from a secured lender exercising their rights, for 
example, under a margin lending arrangement; or   
• 
Exercise (but not sell securities following exercise) 
an option or a right under an incentive scheme, or 
convert a convertible security, where the final date 
for the exercise of the option or right, or the 
conversion of the security, falls during a prohibited 
period and the Company has been in an 
exceptionally 
long 
prohibited 
period 
or 
the 
Company has had a number of consecutive 
prohibited periods and the restricted person could 
not reasonably have been expected to exercise it 
at a time when free to do so. 
 
In respect of any active share or option plans that the 
Company has in place: 
 
• 
It is not permissible to provide the exercise price of 
options by selling the shares acquired on the 
exercise of these options unless the sale of those 
shares occurs at a time other than during a 
Blackout Period; and 
• 
Where the exercise price of options is being 
provided by a margin loan or other form of lending 
arrangement then there may be a risk that the KMP 
or Personnel may need to sell shares to avoid 
providing additional capital or security to the lender 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 3 
in the event of a decrease in the value of the 
shares.  Where this occurs at a time when the 
person possessed inside information, then the sale 
of the Company’s securities would be a breach of 
insider trading laws, even though the person’s 
decision to sell was not influenced by the inside 
information that the person possessed and the 
person may not have made a profit on the sale.  
Where Company securities are provided to a 
lender as security by way of mortgage or charge a 
sale that occurs under that mortgage or charge as 
a consequence of default would not breach insider 
trading laws. 
 
Exemption from Blackout Period due to Financial 
Hardship or Exceptional Circumstance 
 
In specific circumstances, such as financial hardship or 
exceptional circumstances, the Chairman may waive 
the requirement of a KMP or Personnel to deal in 
securities during a Blackout Period on the condition that 
the KMP or Personnel can demonstrate that they are 
not in possession of any price sensitive information that 
is not generally available to the public. 
 
Exceptional circumstances for these purposes include, 
but are not limited to, severe financial hardship or 
compulsion to deal with securities by court order, or any 
other circumstances deemed exceptional by the 
Chairman. 
 
The KMP or Personnel seeking a waiver under this 
clause must apply in writing to the Board setting out the 
circumstances of the proposed dealing and the reason 
the waiver is requested. 
 
Any exemption, if issued, will be in writing and shall 
contain a specified time period during which the sale of 
securities can be made. 
 
Notification by Directors 
 
KMP and Personnel must notify the Company Secretary 
on acquiring or disposing of a relevant interest in any 
securities in the Company. 
 
A Director must notify the Company Secretary in writing 
of the requisite information for the Company Secretary 
to make the necessary notifications to ASIC and ASX of 
the change as required by the Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth) and the ASX Listing Rules.  The Director must 
provide the Company Secretary with the written 
notification as soon as possible after the change occurs 
and, in any event, to allow the Company Secretary to 
make the necessary notifications within 5 business days 
after the change occurs. 
 
Breach of Security Trading Policy 
 
Breaches of this Policy are subject to disciplinary 
action, which may include termination. 
 
Compliance with this Policy for trading in the 
Company’s securities does not absolve that individual 
from complying with the law, which must be the 
overriding consideration when trading in the Company’s 
securities. 
 
 
Review of Policy  
 
The Board shall review this Policy as required.   
 
This Policy was approved by the Board of the Company 
on 14 June 2018. 
For personal use only
