 
 
 
 
 
 
EVENT HOSPITALITY & ENTERTAINMENT LIMITED | ACN 000 005 103 
478 GEORGE STREET SYDNEY NSW 2000 | GPO BOX 1609 SYDNEY NSW 2001 | +61 2 9373 6600 
CINEMAS | EVENT | BCC | GU FILM HOUSE | CINESTAR | MOONLIGHT  
HOTELS & RESORTS | RYDGES | QT | ATURA | THREDBO  
STATE THEATRE | EDGE DIGITAL | EDGE SERVICED OFFICES 
      
1 July 2021 
 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT – SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
The Board of EVENT Hospitality & Entertainment Limited approved a revised Share Trading Policy 
(“Policy”) on 20 May 2021 and the revised Policy is effective from 1 July 2021. 
 
A copy of the revised Policy is attached in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10. 
  
Authorised for release by the Company Secretary 
 
Further information 
ASX Company Security Code:  
EVT 
Telephone: 
+61 2 9373 6600 
Contact: 
David Stone (Company Secretary) 
Email: 
David_Stone@evt.com  
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
1 
 
SHARE TRADING POLICY GUIDE 
 
 
001 
 
 
 
 
002 
 
 
 
 
003 
 
 
 
 
 
 
004 
INTRODUCTION 
This policy provides guidance to Directors, Senior Executives and employees of EVENT 
Hospitality & Entertainment Limited (“EVENT”) and its subsidiaries regarding dealing in EVENT 
securities (ASX code: EVT), or entering into transactions in products which operate to limit the 
economic risk of holding EVENT securities. 
 
The policy applies to all EVENT "securities", which includes shares, options, rights, derivatives 
and any other financial product able to be traded on ASX or another stock exchange, whether 
or not such securities are created by EVENT or issued or created by third parties. The policy 
prohibits margin loan arrangements which could result in a forced sale of EVENT securities.  
 
For the purposes of this policy, Senior Executives are those executives who are direct reports to 
the EVENT Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) (including key management personnel as defined by 
accounting standards). In addition, the policy provisions for those Senior Executives will apply 
to participants in EVENT’s long-term incentive plans, including the Executive Performance Rights 
Plan, and any other employee as determined by the Chairman and/or the EVENT CEO from time 
to time and so notified in writing by the Company Secretary – see Section 3. 
 
Individuals covered by this policy, including Directors, Senior Executives and other employees 
to whom this policy applies (or may apply from time to time) are referred to in this policy as 
“designated personnel”. 
 
 
005 
 
 
 
1. INSIDER TRADING PROVISIONS 
If you possess information and know, or ought reasonably know, that:  
• 
the information is not generally available to the market; and 
• 
if the information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have 
a material effect on the price or value of EVENT securities ("inside information"),  
For personal use only

SHARE TRADING POLICY GUIDE 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
 
you MUST NOT: 
• 
apply for, buy or sell EVENT securities or enter in an agreement to do any of those 
things;  
• 
procure another person to apply for, buy or sell EVENT securities or enter into an 
agreement to do any of those things; or  
 
 
 
 
006 
• 
communicate the information to another person if you know, or ought reasonably 
know, that the other person would or would be likely to apply for, buy or sell EVENT 
securities or procure a third person to do any of those things.  
 
The prohibition against insider trading under the Corporations Act also applies to price sensitive 
information relating to other companies which a person might become aware of, as a 
consequence of their role with EVENT. 
 
007 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
008 
 
 
 
 
 
Information is likely to have a material effect on the price or value of EVENT securities if it would, 
or would be likely to, influence investors to buy or sell EVENT securities. Some examples of 
information which could be "inside information" are:  
• 
profit forecasts that differ materially to market expectations;  
• 
proposed issues of securities;  
• 
borrowings or funding decisions;  
• 
impending mergers, acquisitions, reconstructions, takeovers, etc;   
• 
significant litigation; 
• 
significant changes in operations;  
• 
proposed dividends; 
• 
management restructuring; and  
• 
significant new contracts/customers. 
 
Breach of the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act is a criminal offence punishable 
by substantial fines or imprisonment or both. Insider trading may also attract civil penalties.  A 
court may impose substantial monetary penalties for insider trading and order payment of 
compensation to persons who suffer loss or damage because of insider trading. 
 
For personal use only

SHARE TRADING POLICY GUIDE 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
009 
 
 
 
 
 
 
010 
 
 
011 
The guidelines for permissible trading in EVENT securities (set out in sections 2 and 3 below) 
must be read subject to the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act summarised 
above. Even if a trading window is open, or if you have been given approval to trade, if you have 
inside information you must not apply for, buy or sell EVENT securities, procure another person 
to do any of those things, or communicate the inside information to others. If in doubt, consult 
the EVENT Company Secretary. 
 
Any consent to trade is not an endorsement of the proposed trade and you are individually 
responsible for your investment decisions and your compliance with insider trading laws. 
 
If you come into possession of inside information after receiving consent to trade (see below), 
you must not trade despite having received the consent. 
 
 
 
 
012 
 
 
 
 
2. REQUIREMENTS FOR DESIGNATED PERSONNEL 
Trading windows 
Subject to the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act and the policy requirements 
set out below, the trading windows for designated personnel to deal in EVENT securities are: 
a) during the 4-week period from (and including) the second business day (not including the 
day of the trigger EVENT concerned) after the following trigger events:  
• 
date of EVENT's Annual General Meeting;  
• 
release of the half-yearly results announcement to ASX;  
• 
release of the full year results announcement to ASX; 
b) during any period determined by the Board and notified to designated personnel following 
the release to ASX of price sensitive information which in the Board’s opinion ensures the 
market is fully informed; and 
c) the offer period specified under a disclosure document (e.g. a prospectus or product 
disclosure statement) released by EVENT. 
 
 
 
013 
 
 
Prior notification of trading during a trading window 
Dealings in EVENT securities or entering into transactions or arrangements in risk limiting 
products should be limited to the trading windows referred to above. Should designated 
For personal use only

SHARE TRADING POLICY GUIDE 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
014 
 
 
 
015 
 
 
 
 
016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
personnel wish to conduct any dealings or enter into transactions during a trading window, prior 
written notification (including by email) must be given to: 
• 
in the case of the Chairman – the Lead Independent Director or his delegate director 
and the Company Secretary;  
• 
in the case of a Director – the Chairman of the Board or his delegate director and the 
Company Secretary; 
• 
in the case of a Senior Executive – the CEO or her delegate director and the Company 
Secretary; and 
• 
in the case of other designated personnel – the Company Secretary. 
 
Designated personnel must not conduct any dealings or enter into transactions during a trading 
window until acknowledgement has been received for the notification. 
 
Prior consent for trading outside a trading window 
The Chairman, Lead Independent Director, EVENT CEO or appointed delegate director (as 
applicable) will generally refuse consent to apply for, buy or sell EVENT securities or enter into 
transactions or arrangements in risk limiting products outside a trading window unless 
exceptional circumstances exist.  
 
Exceptional circumstances include, but are not limited to, the following: 
• 
severe financial hardship where designated personnel have a pressing financial 
commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling the relevant EVENT 
securities; or 
• 
designated personnel are required by a court order, or there are court enforceable 
undertakings (e.g. in a bona fide family settlement), to transfer or sell the EVENT 
securities or there is some other overriding legal or regulatory requirement to do so; or  
• 
any other exceptional circumstance (the validity of which will be subject to the 
discretion of the Chairman, Lead Independent Director or EVENT CEO, as applicable) in 
which the proposed dealing is the most reasonable course of action available.  
 
For personal use only

SHARE TRADING POLICY GUIDE 
 
 
 
 
5 
 
017 
 
 
 
018 
Consent may be given in any written form (including by email) and will be effective for five 
business days after it is provided. Designated personnel must not apply for, buy or sell Event's 
securities until written consent has been received. 
 
Consent may be given or refused by EVENT in its discretion without giving any reasons, and can 
be withdrawn if new information comes to light or if there is a change in circumstances. Event’s 
decision to refuse consent is final and binding on the person seeking the clearance and if 
consent is refused, the person seeking the consent must keep that information confidential and 
not disclose it to anyone. 
 
 
019 
 
 
 
Unvested entitlements and risk limiting products 
Despite anything in this policy, designated personnel must not engage in transactions or 
arrangements in risk limiting products which operate to limit the economic risk of unvested 
entitlements to EVENT securities (e.g. hedging arrangements in relation to unvested options or 
performance rights) or vested EVENT securities that are subject to a holding lock or other 
disposal restriction. 
 
 
020 
 
 
021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Short term trading 
Despite anything in this policy, designated personnel must not engage in short term trading of 
EVENT securities.  
 
As a guide, the purchase of securities with a view to resale within a six month period and the 
sale of securities with a view to repurchase within a six month period would be considered to 
be transactions of a short term nature. However, the sale of shares immediately after they have 
been acquired through the conversion of a security (e.g. exercise of an option, transfer of 
performance shares from trust restrictions, vesting of performance rights or transfer or disposal 
of shares acquired by participation in dividend reinvestment plans) will not be regarded as short 
term trading. If in doubt as to what constitutes short term trading, consult the Company 
Secretary. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

SHARE TRADING POLICY GUIDE 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
 
022 
 
 
 
023 
 
 
 
 
 
024 
 
 
Short selling 
Designated personnel are prohibited from engaging in short selling in EVENT securities at any 
time. 
 
Margin lending arrangements 
Designated personnel must not enter into margin lending arrangements which could result in a 
forced sale of EVENT securities, unless they have obtained prior written consent (which will not 
usually be given). Applications for consent will only be considered in exceptional circumstances 
in accordance with the procedure in paragraphs 015 – 018. This procedure applies even if the 
request for consent is made during a trading window.  
 
Employees who are not designated personnel should note that margin lending and other such 
arrangements are discouraged as they could result in a forced sale of securities during a period 
when you are in possession of or could be perceived to be in possession of inside information. 
 
 
025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
026 
 
Related parties 
This policy also applies to any dealings by related parties of designated personnel including: 
• 
spouses or de facto spouses; 
• 
any dependent under 18 years of age; and 
• 
any other party whom or which designated personnel may be deemed to control or 
significantly influence (for example the trustee or beneficiary of a trust established by 
or on behalf of designated personnel). 
 
It is the duty of designated personnel to seek to avoid any such related party dealing at a time 
which falls outside a trading window. 
 
 
027 
 
 
 
 
Dealings that are excluded from this policy 
• 
Conversion of securities, participation in dividend reinvestment plans etc.  
Subject to the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act, designated personnel may 
at any time: 
a) acquire EVENT's ordinary shares by conversion of securities giving a right of conversion 
to ordinary shares (e.g. vesting of performance rights or applying for the removal of 
For personal use only

SHARE TRADING POLICY GUIDE 
 
 
 
 
7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
028 
 
 
 
 
 
 
029 
 
 
 
 
 
030 
 
 
 
 
 
031 
 
 
 
 
restrictions from performance shares) but may not sell any of the shares received other 
than in accordance with this policy and the insider trading provisions;  
b) acquire EVENT securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of securities of the 
same class; 
c) acquire EVENT securities under a share purchase plan made to all holders of securities 
of the same class; or  
d) acquire EVENT securities under a Dividend Reinvestment Plan that is available to all 
holders of securities of the same class.  
• 
Employee equity plans 
Subject to the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act, designated personnel may 
at any time:  
a) apply for or acquire EVENT securities under an employee equity plan; or  
b) exercise options acquired under an employee equity plan to acquire EVENT's ordinary 
shares (but may not sell any of the shares received upon exercise of the options other 
than in accordance with this policy and the insider trading provisions).  
• 
Transfers to superannuation funds 
Subject to the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act, designated personnel may 
at any time transfer EVENT securities they hold, that are not subject to any dealing 
restrictions imposed outside of this policy (e.g. securities granted under an EVENT employee 
equity scheme that are subject to restrictions on dealing), to a superannuation fund or other 
savings scheme in which they are a beneficiary. 
• 
Transfers between related parties 
Subject to the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act, designated personnel may 
at any time transfer EVENT securities they hold (or are held by a related party), that are not 
subject to any dealing restrictions imposed outside of this policy (e.g. securities granted 
under an EVENT employee equity scheme that are subject to restrictions on dealing), to 
another related party. 
• 
Takeover offers, schemes of arrangements or equal access buy-backs 
Subject to the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act, designated personnel may 
dispose of their EVENT securities in relation to a takeover offer, scheme of arrangement or 
equal access buy-back, including giving an undertaking to accept, or the acceptance of a 
takeover offer. 
For personal use only

SHARE TRADING POLICY GUIDE 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
 
 
 
 
032 
3. OTHER EMPLOYEES (OTHER THAN DESIGNATED PERSONNEL) 
Employee equity plans  
Subject to the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act, employees of EVENT and its 
subsidiaries may at any time apply for or acquire EVENT securities under an employee equity 
plan, but are not permitted to sell any of the shares received upon exercise of the options other 
than in accordance with this policy and the insider trading provisions. 
 
 
033 
 
 
 
034 
 
 
 
Generally 
Employees (other than designated personnel) may deal in EVENT securities at any time if they 
do not have any inside information at that time. However, such employees are strongly advised 
to limit dealing in EVENT securities to trading windows.  
 
Employees (other than designated personnel) may as a consequence of their position or 
employment, come into possession of inside information as a result of working on a particular 
project or assisting on a particular matter (e.g. a proposed acquisition). Such employees may be 
notified by the Company Secretary that, for the duration of the project or matter, they are to 
be subject to restrictions on buying or selling EVENT securities as as set out in Section 2.   
 
 
035 
 
 
036 
 
4. GUIDANCE 
Any employee who has any doubt or question in the application of this trading policy should 
contact the Company Secretary before dealing in EVENT securities.  
 
If you are unsure, at any time, about: 
• 
your obligations under this policy or the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act; 
and/or 
• 
whether or not any information you have in your possession is inside information, 
you should contact the Company Secretary. 
 
Approved by the Board on 20 May 2021 
Effective from 1 July 2021 
 
For personal use only
