 
L\330845522.4 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
July 2019 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
L\330845522.4 
2 
Securities Trading Policy 
FINEOS Corporation Holdings and its subsidiaries (the Company) 
1. 
Introduction and Purpose 
1.1 
Background 
This Securities Trading Policy (Policy) regulates Trading by Directors and Employees of the 
Company and its subsidiaries (the Group) in Company Securities or Securities of other 
companies. 
Directors and all Employees must comply with the insider trading prohibitions of the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and the extent applicable, Part V of the Irish Companies Act 1990 
(together, the Acts).  Any person who possesses inside information in relation to a company 
must not Trade in Securities of that company, regardless of the terms of this Policy or any 
written approval given under this Policy in respect of Company Securities. 
In addition to setting out general principles in relation to Trading in Securities applicable to all 
Directors and Employees of the Company and the Group, this Policy recognises that there are 
specific periods when Directors and Restricted Employees should not Trade in Company 
Securities.  This Policy also sets out procedures which apply to Trading in Company Securities 
by Directors and Restricted Employees. 
1.2 
Purpose 
The purpose of this Policy is to assist Directors and Employees, including Restricted 
Employees, to comply with their obligations under the insider trading prohibitions of the Acts 
and to protect the reputation of the Company, its Directors and Employees. 
All Directors and Employees, particularly Restricted Employees, should read this Policy 
carefully and familiarise themselves with the requirements and procedures detailed in it. 
If you have any questions about this Policy please contact the Company Secretary. 
1.3 
Definitions 
Capitalised terms used in this Policy are defined in the Schedule. 
2. 
Key principles of insider trading prohibition 
2.1 
Conduct prohibited by law 
Under the Acts, if a person possesses "inside information" in relation to Securities of the 
Company or any other company, the person must not: 
(a) 
Deal in those Securities; or 
(b) 
Procure another person to Deal in those Securities; or 
(c) 
directly or indirectly communicate the information, or cause the information to be 
communicated, to another person if the person knows, or ought reasonably to 
know, that the other person would, or would be likely to, Deal in those Securities in 
any way or Procure a third person to Deal in those Securities. 
Importantly, given the broad definition of "Procure", a person who Deals in Securities through a 
trust or company while in possession of inside information may contravene the insider trading 
prohibitions and this Policy. 
For personal use only

 
L\330845522.4 
3 
2.2 
When a person possesses inside information 
A person possesses inside information in relation to Securities of the Company or another 
company where: 
(a) 
the person possesses information that is not generally available and, if the 
information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a 
material effect on the price or value of the Securities; and 
(b) 
the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the information is not generally 
available and, if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to 
have a material effect on the price or value of the Securities. 
Directors and Employees must assume that information is generally available only if it has 
been announced to ASX. 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the 
price or value of Securities if the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons 
who commonly acquire Securities in deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of the 
Securities. 
2.3 
A person does not need to be an "insider" 
A person can possess inside information in respect of a company, even if they are not 
associated in any way with that company.  It is irrelevant how the inside information was 
obtained. 
2.4 
Penalties 
A person who Trades in Securities while they possess inside information or communicates that 
information in the circumstances described in paragraph 2.1(c) above may be liable for both 
significant civil and criminal penalties. 
In addition, a breach of this Policy may lead to disciplinary action by the Company or Group, 
including termination of employment with the Group. 
2.5 
Examples of inside information 
The following items are examples of information which may be inside information in relation to 
the Company: 
(a) 
a change in financial forecasts or expectations; 
(b) 
a proposed dividend; 
(c) 
changes in the Board of Directors or senior executives; 
(d) 
pending ASX announcements; 
(e) 
proposed changes in capital structure, including issues of securities, rights issues, 
the redemption of securities and capital reconstructions; 
(f) 
giving or receiving a notice of intention to make a takeover offer; 
(g) 
debt facilities and borrowings; 
(h) 
mergers, demergers, acquisitions and divestments; 
(i) 
significant changes in operations, strategy or proposed changes in the general 
character or nature of the business of the Company or its subsidiaries; 
For personal use only

 
L\330845522.4 
4 
(j) 
liquidity and cash flow information; 
(k) 
sales figures; 
(l) 
major or material purchases or sales of assets; 
(m) 
significant new contracts or customers; 
(n) 
an entity proposing to buy, or a securityholder proposing to sell, a substantial 
number of Company Securities; 
(o) 
industry issues that may have a material impact on the Company; 
(p) 
significant litigation involving the Company; 
(q) 
allegations of any breach of the law or other regulatory requirements by the 
Company; and 
(r) 
decisions on significant issues affecting the Company by regulatory bodies in 
Australia (such as the Australian Securities and Investments Commission or the 
Australian Competition and Consumer Commission) or other relevant jurisdictions, 
including Ireland.  
This is not an exhaustive list. 
3. 
Restrictions on trading 
3.1 
General principles 
Directors and Employees must comply with the following general principles in relation to 
Trading in Securities: 
(a) 
Directors and Employees must comply with the insider trading provisions of the Acts 
at all times and must not Trade in Securities whilst in possession of inside 
information in respect of those in Securities; and 
(b) 
Directors and Employees must not derive personal advantage from information 
which is not generally available and which has been obtained by reason of their 
connection with the Group. 
3.2 
Short term Trading - all Directors and Employees 
Directors and Employees must not engage in short term Trading of Company Securities. 
In general, the acquisition of Securities with a view to resale within a 6 or 12 month period and 
the sale of Securities with a view to repurchase within a 6 or 12 month period would be 
considered to be transactions of a short term nature. 
3.3 
Securities of other companies 
Directors and Employees must not Trade in Securities of another company whilst in 
possession of inside information in respect of that company. 
3.4 
No Trading in Company Securities during Prohibited Periods 
Directors and Restricted Employees must not Trade in Company Securities during the 
following Prohibited Periods: 
For personal use only

 
L\330845522.4 
5 
(a) 
from the Company's year end until the business day after the release of the full year 
results; 
(b) 
from the Company's half year end until the business day after the release of the half 
yearly results; and 
(c) 
any additional periods imposed by the Board from time to time (for example when 
the Company is considering matters which are subject to Listing Rule 3.1A). 
However, even if a Prohibited Period is not operating, Directors and Restricted Employees 
must not Trade in Company Securities at that time if they are in possession of inside 
information. 
3.5 
Prior written approval for Trading 
Directors and Restricted Employees must seek prior written approval before undertaking any 
Trading in Company Securities. 
This requirement applies to all Trading outside of a Prohibited Period and any Trading during a 
Prohibited Period which is subject to an exception in section 3.11 of this Policy.  (The 
procedures for seeking prior written approval to Trade during a Prohibited Period as a 
consequence of Exceptional Circumstances are set out in section 3.10.) 
In order to seek approval to Trade, Directors and Restricted Employees must submit a written 
request, which may include an email communication, to the Designated Officer.  The 
Designated Officer may request such information as considered appropriate in the 
circumstances.  The Designated Officer's discretion will be exercised with caution having 
regard to the importance of minimising both the risk, and the appearance, of insider trading. 
Directors and Restricted Employees should be aware that the Designated Officer may not 
provide the approval to Trade, without giving any reasons. 
Directors and Restricted Employees may only engage in the proposed Trading if prior written 
approval is given by the Designated Officer.  Any approval for the Trading will be valid for 
7 days from the date it is given. 
The Company Secretary will inform the Board of the details of all Trades approved. 
Approval to Trade can be withdrawn if new information comes to light or if there is a change in 
circumstances. 
The Company's decision to refuse approval is final and binding on the person seeking the 
approval and if approval to Trade is refused, the person seeking the approval must keep that 
information confidential and not disclose it to anyone. 
3.6 
Subsequent notification of all Trading 
Directors and Restricted Employees must provide the Company Secretary with subsequent 
written notification of all Trading in Company Securities within two business days, regardless 
of whether prior written approval has been given for that Trading. 
Directors must provide sufficient details of all Trading to enable the Company to file a notice in 
accordance with the ASX Listing Rules within 5 business days of the Trade.  The Company will 
also be obliged to notify the ASX whether the Trading by a Director occurred during a Closed 
Period where prior written approval was required and, if so, whether prior written approval was 
provided. 
The Company Secretary will inform the Board of the details for all Trading notified to ASX. 
For personal use only

 
L\330845522.4 
6 
3.7 
Margin loans and other security interests 
No Director or Restricted Employee may enter into a margin loan or similar funding 
arrangement to acquire any Company Securities, or grant lenders any rights over their 
Company Securities without first obtaining prior written approval. 
In order to obtain approval to enter into a margin loan or similar funding arrangement, 
Directors and Restricted Employees must submit a written request to the Designated Officer 
and copied to the Company Secretary. The Designated Officer may request such information 
as considered appropriate in the circumstances. The Designated Officer's discretion will be 
exercised with caution and having regard to the importance of minimising both the risk, and 
appearance of, insider trading. Directors and Restricted Employees should be aware that the 
Designated Officer may not provide the approval to enter into the relevant arrangement. 
The Company Secretary will inform the Board at its next meeting of the details for all margin 
loan or similar funding arrangements entered into with approval. 
The Directors and Restricted Employees must inform the Company Secretary of any material 
change in their margin loan or similar funding arrangements e.g. movements in the LVR 
occasioned by drawdowns or price movements, and at least annually, of the amount drawn 
and securities covered. 
Directors and Restricted Employees are reminded they must seek prior written approval in 
accordance with section 3.5 of this Policy before undertaking any Trading in Company 
Securities. 
Approval to enter into a margin loan or similar funding arrangement can be withdrawn if new 
information comes to light or there is a change in circumstances. 
The Company's decision to refuse approval is final and binding on the person seeking the 
approval and if approval to enter into a margin loan or similar funding arrangement is refused, 
the person seeking the approval must keep that information confidential and not disclose it to 
anyone. 
3.8 
Hedging and Derivatives 
Directors and Restricted Employees must not use, or allow to be used, any Derivatives or 
other products which operate to limit the economic risk of unvested Company Securities. 
3.9 
Trading may be permitted in Exceptional Circumstances 
A Director or Restricted Employee who is not in possession of inside information in relation to 
the Company may Trade in Company Securities during a Prohibited Period if: 
(a) 
the Designated Officer determines that an Exceptional Circumstance applies to the 
Director or Restricted Employee; and 
(b) 
prior written approval is granted by the Designated Officer in accordance with this 
Policy to permit the Director or Restricted Employee to Trade in Company 
Securities during the Prohibited Period. 
A Director or Restricted Employee seeking approval to Trade during a Prohibited Period must 
satisfy the Designated Officer that Exceptional Circumstances exist and that the proposal to 
Trade in Company Securities during a Prohibited Period is the only reasonable course of 
action available.  Directors and Restricted Employees must apply for approval in accordance 
with paragraph 3.10 below. 
However, even if prior written approval is given, Directors and Restricted Employees must not 
Trade in Company Securities if the person is in possession of any inside information. 
For personal use only

 
L\330845522.4 
7 
3.10 
Prior written approval 
In order to seek prior written approval to Trade during a Prohibited Period due to Exceptional 
Circumstances, Directors and Restricted Employees must submit a written request to the 
Designated Officer.  The Designated Officer may request such information as considered 
appropriate in the circumstances. 
The Designated Officer's discretion will be exercised with caution and having regard to the 
importance of minimising both the risk, and appearance, of insider trading.  Directors and 
Restricted Employees should be aware that the Designated Officer may not provide the 
approval to Trade, even if Exceptional Circumstances exist, without giving any reasons. 
Directors and Restricted Employees may only engage in the proposed Trading if written 
approval is given.  Any prior written approval given for Exceptional Circumstances trading will 
be valid for 7 days from the date it is given. 
Approval to Trade can be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a change in 
circumstances. 
The Company's decision to refuse approval is final and binding on the person seeking the 
approval and if approval to Trade is refused, the person seeking the approval must keep that 
information confidential and not disclose it to anyone. 
3.11 
Dealings which may occur during a Prohibited Period 
During a Prohibited Period, Directors and Restricted Employees may Trade in Company 
Securities in the circumstances described below, provided that the Director or Restricted 
Employee is not in possession of any inside information.  (Please note that the Policy 
requirements with respect to prior written approval and subsequent notification continue to 
apply to Trading under one of these exceptions.  See paragraphs 3.5 and 3.6). 
(a) 
(Transfers into a superannuation fund) Transfers of Company Securities already 
held into a superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which the Director or 
Restricted Employee is a beneficiary. 
(b) 
(Investment in fund etc) An investment in, or Trading in units of, a fund or other 
scheme (other than a scheme only investing in Company Securities) where the 
assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party. 
(c) 
(Director or Restricted Employee acting as trustee) Where the Director or 
Restricted Employee is a trustee or a director of a corporate trustee, Trading in 
Company Securities by that trust provided the Director or Restricted Employee is 
not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to Trade during a Prohibited Period is 
taken by the other trustees or directors or by the investment managers 
independently of the Director or Restricted Employee. 
(d) 
(Accepting a takeover offer) Undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a 
takeover offer, or participation in a scheme of arrangement. 
(e) 
(Rights issue, security purchase plan, distribution reinvestment plan etc) 
Trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the Company's security 
holders, such as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution 
reinvestment plan and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines 
the timing and structure of the offer has been approved by the Board, (This extends 
to decisions relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of 
entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under 
a renounceable pro rata issue). 
(f) 
(Exercise of options or rights) The exercise (but not the sale of Securities 
following exercise) of an option or a right under an employee incentive scheme.  
For personal use only

 
L\330845522.4 
8 
This exception applies to options and rights granted under an employee incentive 
scheme before this Policy takes effect. 
(g) 
(Exercise of options or rights, or conversion of convertible security) The 
exercise (but not the sale of Securities following exercise) of an option or a right 
under an employee incentive scheme, or the conversion of a convertible security, 
where the final date for the exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of the 
security, falls during a Prohibited Period and the Company has been in an 
exceptionally long Prohibited Period or the entity has had a number of consecutive 
Prohibited Periods and the Director or Restricted Employee could not reasonably 
have been expected to exercise it at a time when free to do so.  This exception 
applies to options and rights granted under an employee incentive scheme after this 
Policy takes effect. 
(h) 
(Involuntary disposals caused by margin lender) An involuntary disposal of 
Securities that results from a margin lender or similar financier exercising its rights 
under a margin loan or similar funding arrangement. 
(i) 
(Share qualifications) The acquisition of shares by a Director of shares to obtain a 
share qualification. 
4. 
Other matters 
4.1 
Cautions to consider 
Under insider trading laws, a person who possesses inside information about an entity's 
securities is generally prohibited from trading in those securities and that this applies even 
where: 
(a) 
the trading occurs at a time that would otherwise be outside a Prohibited Period 
specified in this Policy; 
(b) 
the trading falls within an exclusion in this Policy; or 
(c) 
the person has been given approval under the Policy to Trade (whether in 
exceptional circumstances or otherwise). 
Approval to Trade under this Policy is not an endorsement of the proposed Trade. The person 
doing the trading is individually responsible for their investment decisions and their compliance 
with insider trading laws. 
Before a Director or Restricted Employee Trades in Securities, they should consider carefully 
whether they are in possession of any inside information that might preclude them from trading 
at that time and, if they have any doubt on that score, they should not Trade. 
If a Director or Restricted Employee comes into possession of inside information after 
receiving approval to Trade, they must not Trade despite having received the approval. 
4.2 
Changes to Policy 
If any material changes are made to this Policy, the Company will give the amended Policy to 
ASX for release to the market within 5 business days of the material change taking effect. 
Amendments to the Policy which are likely to constitute a material change include: 
(a) 
changes to the Closed Periods; 
(b) 
changes with respect to Trading in Company Securities which is not subject to a 
Prohibited Period (as set out in paragraph 3.11 of this Policy); and 
For personal use only

 
L\330845522.4 
9 
(c) 
changes with respect to the Exceptional Circumstances in which Directors and 
Restricted Employees may be permitted to Trade during a Prohibited Period (as set 
out in paragraphs 3.9 and 3.10 of this Policy). 
4.3 
Adoption of Policy and annual Board review 
This Policy was adopted by the Board on the date  on the front cover of this Policy and takes 
effect from the date of the Company's admission to the Official List of the ASX and replaces 
any previous policy in this regard. 
The Board will review this Policy annually. The Company Secretary will communicate any 
amendments to Employees as appropriate. 
4.4 
Record keeping 
The Board will ensure that records capturing the details of all applications by Directors and 
Restricted Employees for approval under this Policy and the decisions made in relation to 
those applications. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
L\330845522.4 
10 
Schedule 1 Definitions 
For the purposes of this Policy: 
ASX means ASX Limited or the financial market it operates (as the context requires); 
ASX Listing Rules means the listing rules of ASX; 
Board means the board of directors of the Company; 
CEO means the Chief Executive Officer of the Company; 
Chair means the Chair of the Board from time to time; 
Closed Period means the periods set out in paragraphs 3.4(a) and 3.4(b); 
Company Securities means Securities issued by the Company; 
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth); 
to Deal in Securities means to apply for, acquire or dispose of Securities, or enter into an 
agreement to do any of those things, and Dealing has a corresponding meaning; 
Derivative has the meaning in section 761D of the Corporations Act and includes options, 
forward contracts, futures, warrants, cash settled swaps, caps and collars; 
Designated Officer means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Director, the Chair; 
(b) 
in respect of the Chair, the CEO; 
(c) 
in respect of a Restricted Employee, the Company Secretary; and 
(d) 
in respect of the Company Secretary, the CEO; 
or such other person appointed by the Board as a Designated Officer for the purposes of this 
Policy; 
Directors means directors of any company in the Group; 
Employees means any full or part time employee of any member of the Group; 
Exceptional Circumstances means, in relation to a Director or Restricted Employee: 
(a) 
(Severe financial hardship): a pressing financial commitment that can only be 
satisfied by selling the relevant Company Securities; 
(b) 
(Tax liability): a tax liability of such a person would not normally constitute severe 
financial hardship unless the person has no other means of satisfying the liability.  A 
tax liability relating to Securities received under an employee incentive scheme 
would also not normally constitute severe financial hardship or otherwise be 
considered an exceptional circumstance for the purpose of obtaining proper written 
approval to sell or otherwise dispose of Securities during a Prohibited Period; 
(c) 
(Court order): a requirement to Trade in Company Securities as a result of: 
(i) 
a court order; 
For personal use only

 
L\330845522.4 
11 
(ii) 
court enforceable undertakings (eg as part of a bona fide family 
settlement); or 
(iii) 
some other overriding legal or regulatory requirement; or 
(d) 
(Other circumstances): any other circumstances considered exceptional by the 
Designated Officer; 
to Procure another person to Deal in Securities includes inciting, inducing or encouraging a 
person to Deal or not Deal in Securities; 
Prohibited Period means the periods set out in paragraphs 3.4(a), 3.4(b) and 3.4(c); 
Restricted Employees means: 
(a) 
the CEO; 
(b) 
the Chief Financial Officer; 
(c) 
the Company Secretary; 
(d) 
the General Counsel; 
(e) 
Employees involved with preparing the Group's monthly financial reports; 
(f) 
direct reports to the above positions; and 
(g) 
Employees nominated by the Board as Restricted Employees (and who are notified 
accordingly), 
whether employed by the Company or another member of the Group; 
Securities includes shares, options, rights, debentures (including convertible notes) 
depository interests including CHESS Depository Interests, interests in a managed investment 
scheme, including an option over an unissued unit or other interest in the scheme, and a 
renounceable or unrenounceable right to subscribe for a unit or other interest in the scheme), 
Derivatives, options over an unissued share in, or debenture of, the Company, a renounceable 
or unrenounceable right to subscribe for a share in, or debenture of, the Company or other 
debt securities issued or proposed to be issued, any right, option or obligation in respect of any 
of the foregoing and any right, option or obligation in respect of any index relating to any of the 
foregoing [and other financial products covered by s1042A of the Corporations Act and to the 
extent applicable, Part V of the Irish Companies Act 1990; and  
 
Trade means to Deal in Securities or Procure another person to Deal in Securities, and 
Trading has a corresponding meaning. 
 
For personal use only
