  
 
Fortescue Metals Group Limited  ABN 57 002 594 872  ACN 002 594 872 
ADDRESS Level 2, 87 Adelaide Terrace, East Perth, Western Australia 6004 
TEL +61 8 6218 8888  FAX +61 8 6218 8880  EMAIL fmgl@fmgl.com.au  
 
 
20 August 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
The Companies Officer 
ASX Limited 
2 The Esplanade  
Perth WA 6000 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
REVISED SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, Fortescue Metals Group Limited (the Company) 
advises that it has amended its Securities Trading Policy. 
 
The revised policy incorporates amendments arising out of ASX’s updated Guidance Note 27: 
Trading Policies. 
 
A copy of the revised policy, which takes effect today, is attached and is also available on the 
Company’s website at www.fmgl.com.au. 
 
 
Yours sincerely  
Fortescue Metals Group Ltd 
 
 
 
 
 
Ian Wells 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Media Contact: 
Luke Forrestal 
0427 938 094 
mediarelations@fmgl.com.au 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fortescue Metals Group Limited 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
August 2015 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
SCOPE OF THIS POLICY ..................................................................................................... 2 
DEFINED TERMS ................................................................................................................... 2 
OUTLINE OF INSIDER TRADING PROHIBITIONS ............................................................... 4 
EXAMPLES OF "INSIDE INFORMATION" ........................................................................ 5 
COMP ANY'S POLICY ON DEAL ING IN COMPANY SECURITIES ................................ 6 
NO HEDGING OF UNVESTED ENTITLEMENTS .............................................................. 9 
NO SHORT TERM DEALING OR SHORT SELLING ....................................................... 9 
NOTIFI CATION BY DIR E CTORS ......................................................................................... 9 
CONSEQUENCES OF BREACH ........................................................................................ 10 
QUES TION S / FURTHER INFORMATION ....................................................................... 10 
 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 2 of 10 
 
 
SCOPE OF THIS POLICY  
 
 
This Policy outlines: 
 
1. 
when directors, employees, contractors and consultants of the Company (together 
Persons) may deal in Company Securities; 
 
2. 
when  Designated Persons are permitted to deal in Company Securities; and 
 
3. 
procedures to reduce the risk of insider trading. 
 
Staff are encouraged to be long-term holders of the Company’s securities. However, it is important 
that care is taken in the timing of any acquisition or sale of such securities. 
 
The purpose of this Policy is to ensure directors, employees and other relevant persons do not 
abuse access to inside information about the Company or any other company. Ultimately, 
however, it is the responsibility of the person to ensure that none of his or her dealings could 
constitute insider trading. 
 
This Policy imposes restrictions on dealing in Company Securities in addition to those imposed 
by law under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act). Nothing in this Policy 
sanctions a breach of any relevant legal or regulatory requirements and failure to comply with this 
Policy will subject the person to internal disciplinary procedures and could lead to civil or criminal 
investigations or penalties.  
 
DEFINED TERMS  
 
 
In this Policy: 
 
4. 
ASIC means the Australian Securities & Investments Commission. 
 
5. 
ASX means the Australian Securities Exchange. 
 
6. 
Closed Season means each of: 
 
(a) 
the period from the end of the financial year or half financial year to the 
business day after the time of release of the annual or half year results; and 
 
(b) 
the period from the end of the September quarter or March quarter to the 
business day after the time of release of the September or March quarterly 
reports. 
 
7. 
Company means Fortescue Metals Group Limited and its subsidiaries. 
 
8. 
Company Securities includes: 
 
 
(a) 
any shares in the Company; 
 
(b) 
any other securities issued by the Company such as debentures, debt notes 
and options; 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
 
(c) 
derivatives and other financial products created by the Company or created or 
issued by third parties in relation to the Company's shares, debentures, 
options or other securities able to be traded on ASX or another stock 
exchange; and 
 
(d) 
securities of any other company or entity that may be affected by inside 
information (such as a joint venture partner of the Company, another party 
involved in a corporate transaction with the Company or a contractor or 
shareholder of the Company). 
 
9. 
To deal and dealing includes: 
 
 
(a) 
subscribing for, purchasing or selling Company Securities or entering into an 
agreement to do any of those things; 
 
(b) 
advising, procuring or encouraging another person (including a family member, 
friend, associate, colleague, family company or family trust) to trade in 
Company Securities; and 
 
(c) 
entering into agreements or transactions which operate to limit the economic 
risk of a person's holdings in Company Securities. 
 
10. 
Designated Persons means:  
 
(a) 
a person having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and 
controlling the activities of the Company, directly or indirectly, including any 
director; 
 
(b) 
an employee invited to participated in the Executive and Senior Staff Incentive 
Plan; and 
 
(c) 
any person who, from time to time, is notified by the Company that they are a 
Designated Person. 
 
 
11. 
Notification means a notification in writing (including by email) that includes: 
 
(a) 
the name and position of the Designated Person making the Notification;  
 
(b) 
the nature of the proposed dealing and the number and class of Company 
Securities affected; and 
 
(c) 
a confirmation that the Designated Person is not in possession of price 
sensitive information about the Company that is not generally available to the 
market. 
 
12. 
Prohibited Period means any: 
 
(a) 
Closed Season; and 
 
(b) 
other blackout period declared by the Board from time to time. 
 
 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 4 of 10 
 
 
13. 
Related Parties, in relation to a Person, includes each: 
 
 
(a) 
immediate family member of the Person; and 
 
(b) 
company, trust or entity which is controlled by the Person or an immediate 
family member of the Person.  
 
14. 
Short Term Dealing includes dealing in Company Securities within a 3 month period, 
but does not include the sale of Company Securities after they have been acquired 
through the conversion of a security, for example the exercise of an option, or in 
accordance with the Executive and Senior Staff Incentive Plan or other Company 
incentive scheme. 
 
OUTLINE OF INSIDER TRADING PROHIBITIONS  
 
 
 
15. 
If a person possesses "inside information" in relation to the Company, the person must 
not: 
 
(a) 
deal in Company Securities in any way; nor 
 
 
(b) 
directly or indirectly communicate the information, or cause the information  to 
be communicated, to another person if the person knows, or ought reasonably 
to know, that the other person would, or would be likely to, deal  in Company 
Securities in any way or procure a third person to deal in Company Securities 
in any way. 
 
16. 
A person is in possession of "inside information" in relation to the Company in 
circumstances where: 
 
(a) 
the person possesses information that is not generally available and, if the 
information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to 
have a material effect on the price or value of Company Securities; and 
 
(b) 
the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the information is not 
generally available and, if it were generally available, a reasonable person 
would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of Company 
Securities. 
 
17. 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on 
the price or value of Company Securities if the information would, or would be likely to, 
influence persons who commonly acquire securities in deciding whether or not to deal 
in Company Securities in any way. It does not matter how the Designated Person came 
to have the inside information. 
 
18. 
Information is "generally available" if it: 
 
 
(a) 
consists of a readily observable matter; 
 
 
(b) 
has been made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, bring it to 
the attention of persons who commonly invest in any of the classes of 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 5 of 10 
 
 
securities issued by the Company and, since it was made known, a reasonable 
period for it to be disseminated among those persons has elapsed. That is, 
information will be "generally available" if it has been released to ASX or 
published in an annual report or prospectus or similar document and a 
reasonable period of time has elapsed after the information has been 
disseminated in one of these ways; or 
 
(c) 
consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from 
information referred to in paragraph 18(a) of this Policy or information made 
known as mentioned in paragraph 18(b) of this Policy, or both. 
 
The financial impact of the information is important, but strategic and other implications 
can be equally important in determining what amounts to inside information. The 
definition of "information" is broad enough to include rumours, matters of supposition, 
intentions of a person (including the Company) and information which is not definite 
enough to warrant public disclosure. 
 
19. 
A person may obtain inside information in relation to another company. For example, in 
the course of negotiating a transaction with the Company, another company might 
provide confidential information about itself. The prohibition on insider trading is not 
restricted to information affecting Company Securities. The persons in possession of 
the inside information must not deal in securities of those other companies. 
 
20. 
A person who deals in the Company Securities while in possession of "inside 
information" or communicates that information in the circumstances described in 
paragraph 15(b) of this Policy will be liable to both civil and criminal penalties.  
 
21. 
Criminal penalties include substantial fines, imprisonment or both. Civil penalties also 
attract substantial fines and may result in court ordered compensation payments to 
persons who suffer loss or damage as a result of the insider trading. The Company may 
also be liable for significant fines if a director or employee engages in insider trading. 
 
EXAMPLES OF "INSIDE INFORMATION"  
 
 
 
22. 
Examples of information which may be considered to be "inside information" include the 
details relating to the items listed below (this is not an exhaustive list): 
 
(a) 
drilling results, mining exploration results, production figures and the like; 
 
(b) 
prospective financial information; 
 
(c) 
unpublished announcements; 
 
(d) 
proposed changes in capital structure, including share issues, rights issues 
and the redemption of securities; 
 
(e) 
impending mergers, acquisitions, reconstructions, takeovers, etc; 
 
(f) 
significant litigation and disputes; 
 
(g) 
significant changes in operations or proposed changes in the general 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 6 of 10 
 
 
character or nature of the business of the Company or its subsidiaries; 
 
(h) 
cashflow information; 
 
(i) 
management restructuring or Board changes; 
 
(j) 
an entity proposing to buy, or a security holder proposing to sell, a substantial 
number of Company Securities; 
 
(k) 
industry issues that may have a material impact on the Company; 
 
(l) 
decisions on significant issues affecting the Company by regulatory bodies in 
Australia or other relevant jurisdictions; 
 
(m) 
allegations of any breach of the law or other regulatory requirements by the 
Company; 
 
(n) 
major or material purchases or sales of assets; 
 
(o) 
proposed or new significant contracts; 
 
(p) 
a proposed dividend or change in dividend policy; 
 
(q) 
an event which could have a material impact (either positively or negatively) 
on production or profits (for example, disconnection or shut-in of production, a 
significant safety or environmental incident); 
 
(r) 
any information required to be disclosed to ASX under its continuous 
disclosure rules; and 
 
(s) 
any possible claim against the Company or other unexpected liability. 
 
 
COMP ANY'S POLICY ON DEAL ING IN COMPANY SECURITIES  
 
 
 
23. 
General: Persons should note the following general principles: 
 
 
(a) 
Persons must comply with the insider trading provisions of the Corporations 
Act at all times; 
 
(b) 
Persons who possess "inside information" must not deal or procure dealing in 
Company Securities; 
 
(c) 
Persons must avoid, and be seen to avoid, actual or potential conflict between 
their personal interest and the interests of the Company and other security 
holders in a manner which is in breach of the Corporations Act, ASX Listing 
Rules or other legal obligations; and 
 
(d) 
Persons must not derive personal advantage from information which is not 
generally available and which has been obtained by reason of their connection 
with the Company in a manner which is in breach of the Corporations Act, ASX 
Listing Rules or other legal obligations. 
 
24. 
Dealing in Company Securities during Prohibited Periods: Designated Persons 
must refrain from dealing in Company Securities during Prohibited Periods. 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 7 of 10 
 
 
 
A Designated Person who is not in possession of inside information in relation to the 
Company may be given written clearance to sell or otherwise dispose of (but not 
purchase) Company Securities during a Prohibited Period, where the Designated 
Person is in severe financial hardship, is required by law to transfer the Company 
Securities or where other exceptional circumstances exist. Where clearance is given, 
the Designated Person must trade the Company Securities within 7 days of receiving 
clearance. 
 
If a Designated Person wishes to sell or otherwise dispose of Company Securities during 
a Prohibited Period, that person must submit a Notification to the Company Secretary 
and obtain the prior written consent of the Chairman (or in the case of the Chairman, 
prior written consent of the Chair of the Audit Committee).  The Designated Person must 
demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Chairman or the Chair of the Audit Committee (as 
applicable) that he or she is in severe financial hardship or that his or her circumstances 
are otherwise exceptional. 
 
25. 
Dealing in Company Securities outside of the Prohibited Periods: Outside of the 
Prohibited Periods, it is recommended that Designated Persons trade during the times 
referred to in paragraph 26 below.  In any event, Designated Persons may only deal in 
Company Securities in accordance with the procedures in this paragraph 25. 
 
Chairman: The Chairman must not deal in Company Securities without first submitting 
a Notification to the Chair of the Audit Committee and the Company Secretary before 
commencing the transaction and must trade within seven days of submitting the 
Notification. The Chairman must subsequently notify the Company Secretary in writing 
of any trade that has occurred. 
 
Directors: Directors (other than the Chairman) must not deal in Company Securities 
without first submitting a Notification to the Chairman and the Company Secretary 
before commencing the transaction and must trade within seven days of submitting the 
Notification.  The director must subsequently notify the Company Secretary in writing of 
any trade that has occurred. 
 
Other Designated Persons: Designated Persons other than the Chairman and 
directors must not deal in Company Securities without first submitting a Notification to 
the Company Secretary before commencing the transaction and must trade within seven 
days of the Notification. 
 
26. 
Recommended times for trading: Subject to the Prohibited Periods referred to in 
paragraphs 12 and 24 of this Policy, the recommended times (in terms of avoiding 
suggestions of insider trading) for any Designated Person to deal in Company Securities 
are in the 4 week period commencing the business day after the: 
 
(a) 
holding of the Company's Annual General Meeting or any other meeting of 
shareholders; 
 
(b) 
release by the Company of its half yearly results announcement to ASX; 
 
(c) 
release by the Company of its full year results announcement to ASX; 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 8 of 10 
 
 
 
(d) 
release of a prospectus or other disclosure document offering securities in the 
Company; 
 
(e) 
release by the Company of any quarterly report to ASX; or 
 
(f) 
release by the Company of any information that is not generally available and 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a 
material effect on the price or value of the Company Securities, 
 
provided that such time is not a Prohibited Period and the Designated Person is not in 
possession of any inside information relating to the Company or its securities that is not 
generally available and if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect 
it to have a material effect on the price or value of Company Securities. 
 
27. 
Dealings not subject to the provisions of this Policy: Subject to the insider trading 
provisions of the Corporations Act, Directors and employees of the Company may at any 
time: 
 
(a) 
subscribe for securities offered under a disclosure document (e.g. a 
prospectus); 
 
(b) 
acquire the Company's ordinary shares by conversion of securities giving a 
right of conversion to ordinary shares - but may not deal with any of the shares 
received upon conversion other than in accordance with this Policy and the 
insider trading provisions; 
 
(c) 
acquire Company Securities under a bonus issue, rights issue or other offer 
made to all holders of securities of the same class; 
 
(d) 
acquire Company Securities under a dividend reinvestment, or top-up plan, 
that is available to all holders of securities of the same class; 
 
(e) 
acquire Company Securities under a Company sponsored share plan where 
such securities are purchased by an independent Trustee and on an agreed 
period purchase basis; 
 
(f) 
acquire, or agree to acquire, options under a Company share option plan; 
 
(g) 
acquire, or agree to acquire, rights under a Company performance share plan; 
 
(h) 
exercise options acquired under a Company share option plan (but may not 
sell all or part of the shares received upon exercise of the options other than 
in accordance with these procedures); 
 
(i) 
deal where the beneficial interest in the relevant security does not change; 
 
(j) 
invest or trade in units of a fund, or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in Company Securities) where the assets of the fund, or other 
scheme, are invested at the discretion of a third party;  
 
(k) 
dispose of Company Securities  by acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme of 
arrangement or equal access buy-back; and 
 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 9 of 10 
 
 
(l) 
invest in a scheme or arrangement (other than a scheme investing only in 
Company Securities) where the assets of the scheme are invested at the 
discretion of a third party. 
 
28. 
Dealings by Related Parties: A Designated Person must use reasonable endeavours to 
ensure that his or her Related Parties are aware of this Policy. If a Designated Person may 
not deal in Company Securities, he or she must take all reasonable and necessary 
steps to prevent any dealing in Company Securities by Related Parties unless the 
Designated Person has complied with this Policy on behalf of that Related Party in 
respect of the proposed dealing.   
 
NO HEDGING OF UNVESTED ENTITLEMENTS  
 
 
 
29. 
A Designated Person must not enter into transactions which would have the effect of 
hedging or transferring the risk of any fluctuation in the value of: 
 
(a) 
any unvested entitlement to Company Securities; or 
(b) 
Company Securities which are vested but still subject to a holding lock. 
 
This would include acquiring derivatives or options in relation to Company Securities. 
 
An unvested entitlement in Company Securities would include equity rights which are still 
subject to time and/or performance hurdles. 
 
NO SHORT TERM DEALING OR SHORT SELLING 
 
 
 
30. 
Notwithstanding any provision in this Policy, a Designated Person must not: 
 
(a) 
engage in Short Term Dealing in Company Securities;  
 
(b) 
short sell Company Securities; or 
 
(c) 
knowingly allow their Company Securities to be used for short selling.  
 
NOTIFI CATION BY DIR E CTORS  
 
 
 
31. 
A director is required to notify the Company Secretary if there is any change in the 
director's relevant interest in securities of the Company or a related body corporate of 
the Company. 
 
32. 
The director must notify the Company Secretary in writing of the requisite information for 
the Company Secretary to make the necessary notifications to ASIC and ASX of the 
change as required by the Corporations Act and the ASX Listing Rules. The director 
must provide the Company Secretary with the written notification as soon as possible 
after the change occurs and, in any event, with sufficient notice to allow the Company 
Secretary to make the necessary notifications within 5 business days after the change 
occurs. 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 10 of 10 
 
 
 
CONSEQUENCES OF BREACH  
 
 
 
33. 
Breaches of this Policy may damage the Company's reputation in the investment 
community and undermine confidence in the market for Company Securities.  
 
34. 
Accordingly, breaches will subject the Person to internal disciplinary procedures and 
could lead to civil or criminal investigations or penalties. 
 
QUES TION S / FURTHER INFORMATION  
 
 
 
35. 
If you have any questions or need further information on how to comply with this Policy, 
please contact the Company Secretary. 
 
For personal use only
