Focus Minerals Limited 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 1  
 
FOCUS MINERALS LIMITED  
SECURITY TRADING POLICY 
 
Introduction 
This document sets out the Focus Minerals Limited’s (the Company) policy on trading of its securities by its Key 
Management Personnel. 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
 
Define circumstances where Key Management Personnel can trade the Company’s securities and meet 
the statutory requirements of the Corporations Act, the ASX Listing Rules ; and 
 
Impose “Black-out” periods at various times during the year, particularly in periods leading up to an 
announcement of results , during which trading of the Company’s securities by Key Management 
Personnel is prohibited; and 
 
Set out procedures to reduce the risk of insider trading. 
Key Management Personnel 
In this policy references to Key Management Personnel is as defined in AASB Standard 124 - Related Party 
Disclosure,  being those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the 
activities of the Company, directly or indirectly including any director of the Company (whether executive or 
otherwise). 
 Insider Trading 
Prohibition 
Insider trading is a criminal offence and any person will be guilty of insider trading if: 
a) That person possesses information in relation to a company which is not generally available to the market 
and if it were generally available to the market, would be likely to affect the price or value of that 
company’s securities (i.e. information that is “price sensitive”) and 
b) That person: 
i. 
Buys or sells securities in that company; 
ii. 
Procures someone else to buy or sell securities in that company; or 
iii. 
Passes on that information to a third party where that person knows, or ought reasonably to 
know, that the third party would be likely to deal in the securities or procure someone else to 
deal in the securities of that company. 
Penalties for insider trading are severe and can include imprisonment. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Focus Minerals Limited 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 2  
 
Price Sensitive Information 
Price sensitive information is information relating to the Company that, if the information were publicly known, 
would be likely to: 
 
Have a material effect on the price of value of the shares, 
 
Influence a person’s decision to transact in a company’s securities. 
The following are examples of price sensitive information which, if made available to the market, would be 
likely to affect the price of the company’s securities: 
 
The Company is considering a proposed takeover or merger,  
 
Exploration results indicating or confirming the existence of mineralization, or 
 
Acquisition or sale of tenements. 
Key Management Personnel must not communicate price sensitive information to any person who may deal in 
securities of the company. In addition, Key Management Personnel should not recommend or otherwise suggest to 
any person (including a spouse, relative, friend, trustee of a family trust or directors of a family company) trading 
in the  Company’s securities. 
Dealing through Third Parties 
A person does not need to be a Key Management Person of the Company to be guilty of insider trading in relation 
to securities in the Company. The prohibition extends to dealing by anyone, including Directors’ and employees’ 
nominees, agents or other associates, such as family members, family trusts and family companies, as well as 
customers and suppliers. 
Contractors and External advisers 
Contractors employed by the Company shall be informed of this policy when they are appointed and are required 
to adhere to the policy while they are contracted to the company. Breach of the policy may lead to termination of 
contract arrangements. 
The Company’s staff dealing with external advisers need to ensure that the advisers are aware of the insider 
trading rules and where these dealings cover material matters, that the issue of insider trading is covered in 
confidentiality documents. 
Securities 
This Policy covers trading in shares in the Company, derivatives related to the Company’s shares, whether issued 
by the Company or not and to any traded Company options. It also applies to the exercise of options, including 
vested employee options.  
Related Companies 
Key Management Personnel where they possess inside information, should also not deal in securities of other 
companies with which the Company might have an association or be about to enter such association such as joint 
ventures or as farm in partners. 
 
For personal use only

Focus Minerals Limited 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 3  
 
Guidelines for Trading in the Company’s Securities 
Blackout Periods 
Key Management Personnel must not deal in securities of the Company within the following periods. 
a) Within the period of 14 days prior to the release of annual, half yearly or quarterly results: 
 
b) Within the period of 14 days prior to the Annual General Meeting: and 
 
c) If there is in existence price sensitive information that has not been disclosed because of an ASX listing 
Rule Exception. 
Directors and executives are also excluded from dealing in securities within the period from receipt of the Board 
Pack and the Directors’ Meeting. 
Key Management Personnel should wait at least 1 hour after the relevant release before dealing in securities so 
that the market has had time to absorb the released information. 
Approval Process 
Key Management Personnel may trade in the Company’s securities within the above Blackout Period in the 
following exceptional circumstances and must: 
a) Contact the Chairman, or in his absence the Chair of the Audit Committee, and notified them of their 
intention to trade in the Company’s securities and obtained prior written approval, and  
 
b) Satisfy the Chairman that the person seeking clearance is not in possession of any price sensitive 
information that is not generally available to the public, and  
 
c) Satisfy the Chairman that the person seeking clearance is in severe financial hardship or trading is 
required in compliance with a court order or other legal or regulatory requirement. 
Where the Chairman wishes to trade in securities, he must contact the Chair of the Audit Committee and notify 
them of their intention to trade and obtained their prior written approval.  
The approval obligation operates at all times and applies to trading in the Company’s securities by family members 
and other associates of Key Management Personnel as well as to the personal dealings by Key Management 
Personnel.  
Trading in Derivative Products  
Key Management Personnel must not use derivatives and hedging arrangements in relation to unvested securities. 
Margin Loans  
Key Management Personnel intending to enter into a margin loan or other financing arrangement where there is a 
risk that the company’s securities may be traded pursuant to the terms of a margin loan must obtain prior written 
approval from the Chairman or in his absence the Chairman of the Audit Committee.  
For personal use only

Focus Minerals Limited 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 4  
 
The Chairman must be informed of the following information when applying for written approval for a margin 
loan: 
a) the number of the Company’s securities involved; 
b) key terms and trigger points of the margin loan; 
c) the rights of the lender to sell securities; and 
d) any other material information. 
Prohibited Transactions  
Key Management Personnel must not enter into transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the 
economic risk of their security holdings in the Company without first seeking and obtaining prior written clearance 
in accordance with the Approval Process. 
Key Management Personnel must not enter into arrangements that provide lenders with rights over their security 
holdings in the Company without first seeking and obtaining prior written clearance in accordance with the 
Approval Process. 
Key Management Personnel are prohibited from entering into transactions or arrangements which limit the 
economic risk of participating in unvested entitlements under any equity based remuneration scheme. 
Consequences of Breach of the Security Trading Policy 
Breach of the Security Trading Policy by any of the Key Management Personnel or their family members could 
expose them to criminal and civil liability. 
The company will regard breach of insider trading law or this Policy as serious misconduct which may lead to 
disciplinary action and/or dismissal. 
This policy does not contain an exhaustive analysis of restrictions imposed on and the very serious ramifications of 
insider trading. Should Key Management Personnel wish to obtain further advice in this matter they are 
encouraged to contact the Company Secretary. 
Trading which is not subject to this policy 
The following trading by Key Management Personnel is excluded from this policy: 
a) Transfers of existing securities into a superannuation fund or other saving scheme in Key Management 
Personnel are a beneficiary; 
b) An investment in, or trading of, a fund or scheme (other than a scheme solely investing in the Company’s 
securities) where the assets are invested at the discretion of a third party: 
c) Undertakings to accept or the acceptance of a takeover offer; 
d) Trading under an offer or initiation made to all or most of the security holders such as a rights issue, 
security purchase plan, dividend reinvestment plan and an equal access buyback; 
e) A disposal of securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their security rights for example 
under a margin lending arrangement. 
Even if trading is excluded from this Policy, Key Management Personnel must not trade in the Company’s securities 
if they are possession of insider information. 
For personal use only

Focus Minerals Limited 
 
Security Trading Policy 
Page | 5  
 
ASX Notification by Directors  
Listing on the ASX obliges a Director to notify the ASX within 5 days after any dealings in Company’s securities 
(wither personally or through a third party) which results in a change in the relevant interests of the Director in the 
Company’s securities. 
 
Accordingly, Directors must notify the Company Secretary immediately on acquiring or disposing of a relevant 
interest in any securities in the company. 
It is the individual responsibility of each Director to ensure they comply with this requirement. 
 
For personal use only
