1 | P a g e
 
11 February 2026 
New Trading Policy 
Forrestania Resources Limited (ASX: FRS) (“FRS” or “the Company) has undertaken a review 
of some of its key policies. Following that review, the Board has resolved to update its Trading 
Policy. The updated policy is available on the Company’s web site. 
This announcement has been authorised for release by David Geraghty, Executive Chairman. 
For further information please contact: 
David Geraghty 
Executive Chairman  
Phone +61(0) 8 6555 2950  
cosec@forrestaniaresources.com.au 
About Forrestania Resources Limited 
Forrestania Resources Limited (ASX: FRS) is a rapidly growing gold exploration and 
development company focused on building a portfolio of high-quality projects across Western 
Australia’s premier mining districts.  
Led by a refreshed and experienced board, Forrestania is strategically expanding its footprint 
across the Southern Cross, Eastern Goldfields and Forrestania regions through disciplined 
exploration, selective acquisitions and a commitment to unlocking the broader potential of 
these highly prospective belts.  
Forrestania is advancing towards gold production, initially via the wholly-owned Lake Johnston 
processing facility which was acquired by the Company in late CY 2025. 
In the Southern Cross district, the Company is advancing a strategy to define significant gold 
resources capable of supporting long-term development opportunities.  
The Forrestania Project, from which the Company takes its name, lies within a world-class 
mineral province adjacent to the historic Bounty gold mine (~1Moz historic production) and in 
proximity to major mining operations, underscoring the region’s exceptional prospectivity. 
Further north, Forrestania’s projects near Coolgardie and Menzies provide additional exposure 
to gold and base metals within proven mineralised corridors of the Eastern Goldfields.  
Forrestania Resources is dedicated to creating shareholder value through systematic 
exploration, strong technical execution and a focused approach to growing its gold asset base 
across Western Australia. 
info@forrestaniaresources.com.au 
ACN 647 899 698 
forrestaniaresources.com.au 
Forrestania Resources Ltd 
Suite 1, 295 Rokeby Road 
Subiaco WA 6008 
ASX: FRS 
For personal use only

Trading Policy 
 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
 
 
 
Figure 1: Location map of Forrestania Resources Ltd's projects and tenure 
For personal use only
