 
Securities Dealing Policy 
 
5 April 2022 
 
 
 Securities 
Dealing Policy 
Enterprise-Wide Policy 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 1 
Table of Contents 
1. Application of Policy ........................................................................................................................ 1 
2. Purpose of this Policy ....................................................................................................................... 1 
3. What sections of this Policy apply to which people? ...................................................................... 1 
4. Insider Trading Prohibitions in the Corporations Act ...................................................................... 2 
5. No dealing in Prohibited Periods ..................................................................................................... 4 
6. Exceptional circumstances ............................................................................................................... 6 
7. Permitted dealings ........................................................................................................................... 6 
8. Further restrictions .......................................................................................................................... 7 
9. Confidential Information ................................................................................................................. 9 
10. Training and compliance ................................................................................................................ 10 
11. Review and publication of this policy ............................................................................................ 10 
12. Other relevant OIG Policies ............................................................................................................ 10 
13. Dictionary and Interpretation ........................................................................................................ 10 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 1 
1. 
Application of Policy 
1.1. This Policy applies to the subsidiaries of OIG Holdings Pty Ltd (ACN 616 297 940) and to 
entities that may be considered as comprising the One Investment Group (OIG) including: 
(a) 
those companies that hold an Australian financial services licence (AFS Licence) to 
provide financial services to retail and/or wholesale clients and their OIG Corporate 
Authorised Representatives (each an OIG Licensee);  
(b) 
those companies that provide registry services (ORS);  
(c) 
corporate trust and custody (OCTS); and 
(d) 
those companies that provide fund administration services (UFS). 
1.2. This policy applies to: 
(a) 
OIG Licensees that operate registered managed investment schemes (Funds) including:  
(i) 
those listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX)or quoted on Cboe 
Australia (Relevant Market)1; and 
(ii) 
those not listed or quoted on any Relevant Market. 
(b) 
all OIG Staff and Board Members; and   
(c) 
where indicated, entities appointed by the OIG Licensee to manage the assets of the 
relevant Fund (Investment Manager).  
2. 
Purpose of this Policy 
2.1. This policy summarises the law relating to insider trading and sets out OIG’s policy in respect 
of Staff dealing in Securities. 
2.2. The Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act)2 prohibits dealing in any financial product 
by a person with Inside Information. By restricting dealings Securities in the manner described 
in this policy, OIG minimises the risk that its Staff trade with inside information or be 
perceived as doing so.  
2.3. OIG expects Staff to act in accordance with its code of conduct including acting with integrity 
and in accordance with the law and so requires adherence to this policy. A breach of the law, 
this policy, or both, will also be regarded by OIG as serious misconduct which may lead to 
disciplinary action or dismissal. 
3. What sections of this Policy apply to which people? 
3.1. This policy applies as follows: 
(a) 
Clause 4 (insider trading laws), Clause 8.8 (Embargo), Clause 10 (Market Manipulation) 
and Clause 11 (confidentiality) apply to all OIG Staff; 
 
1 Unless the Board has approved a different Securities Dealing Policy in respect of a particular Fund which is published on 
the website relevant to that Fund.  The Board may adopt a different policy where, for example the Fund’s Securities are 
stapled to another security and the stapled group has adopted a separate policy. 
2 See s1043A under The Corporations Act 2001 for full guidance on the regulatory provisions relating to insider trading.  
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 2 
(b) 
Clause 9 (Dealing in Financial Products) applies to Staff that are not a Designated 
Person; and 
(c) 
Clauses 5 to 8 (trading policy) apply to (each, a Designated Person):  
(i) 
all directors and officers of OIG Licensees, and other key management personnel 
of OIG allocated to the relevant Fund (eg the relevant Director, Operations); and  
(ii) 
where UFS provides fund-administration services to the Fund, each UFS key 
management personnel involved in the provision of those services; 
(iii) 
unless the Investment Manager has adopted and administers its own trading 
policy on terms acceptable to the OIG Licensee Board, all directors, officers and 
other key management personnel of the Investment Manager;  
(iv) 
any other person designated by the Board from time to time; and 
(d) 
clause 5.5 (associates) applies the trading policy to the family and associates of 
Designated Persons. 
4. Insider Trading Prohibitions in the Corporations Act 
4.1. The Corporations Act3 regulates dealing in Financial Products able to be traded on a Relevant 
Market, like the ASX, SSX, Cboe or others.  
What are the insider trading prohibitions?  
4.2. The Corporations Act prohibits anyone with Inside Information relating to Securities from: 
(a) 
dealing in Securities or entering into an agreement to do so; or 
(b) 
procuring another person to apply for, acquire or dispose of Securities or enter into an 
agreement to do so; or 
(c) 
directly or indirectly communicating, or causing to be communicated, Inside 
Information to any other person if a person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that 
the other person would or would be likely to use the information to engage in the 
activities specified in paragraphs (a) or (b) above. 
4.3. These prohibitions also apply to the application for, grant, exercise or transfer of an option 
over Securities and to the securities of other entities if a person possesses Inside Information 
about those entities. 
4.4. It does not matter how or in what capacity Staff become aware of the Inside Information. It 
does not have to be obtained from OIG to constitute Inside Information. 
4.5. Staff cannot avoid the insider trading prohibition by arranging for a member of their family or 
a friend to deal in the Securities nor may Staff give “tips” concerning Inside Information 
relating to the relevant Fund or the Securities to others. 
4.6. These prohibitions always apply to everyone (not just Designated Persons) and to all 
Securities, not just OIG Securities.  
What is inside Information?  
 
3 Specific prohibition of Inside Trading contained under Div 3 of the Corporations Act 2001  
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 3 
4.7. “Inside Information” is information, which is not generally available but, if the information 
was generally available, would be likely to have a material effect on the price or value of the 
Securities. Inside Information can include matters of speculation or supposition and matters 
relating to intentions or likely intentions of a person, company or relevant group. 
4.8. Information is regarded as being likely to have a material effect if it would, or would be likely 
to, influence persons who commonly invest in Securities or other traded financial products in 
deciding whether or not to deal in the Securities. 
4.9. 
Examples of Inside Information could be: 
(a) 
the financial performance of an entity against its budget; 
(b) 
changes in an entity’s actual or anticipated financial condition or business 
performance; 
(c) 
changes in the capital structure of an entity, including proposals to raise additional 
equity or borrowings; 
(d) 
proposed changes in the nature of the business of an entity; 
(e) 
changes to the Board or significant changes in key management personnel; 
(f) 
in respect of a listed Fund, removal or replacement of the Responsible Entity or the 
Investment Manager; 
(g) 
an undisclosed significant change to an entity’s market share; 
(h) 
likely or actual entry into, or loss of, a material contract for that entity; 
(i) 
material acquisitions or sales of assets by an entity; 
(j) 
a proposed distribution or a change in distribution policy for a listed Fund; or 
(k) 
a material claim against the assets of an entity or, in the case of a listed Fund, its 
Responsible Entity or other unexpected liability. 
When is information generally available?  
4.10. Information is generally available if: 
(a) 
it consists of readily observable matter or deductions; 
(b) 
it has been brought to the attention of investors through an announcement to the 
Relevant Market or otherwise similarly brought to the attention of investors who 
commonly invest in Securities, and a reasonable period has elapsed since it was 
announced or brought to investors’ attention; or 
(c) 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information 
referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b) above. 
4.11. Examples of possible readily observable matters are: 
(a) 
a change in legislation which will affect the Responsible Entity’s ability to make certain 
types of investments; or 
(b) 
a severe downturn in global securities markets. 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 4 
4.12. Breach of the insider trading laws may subject Staff to:  
(a) 
criminal liability - penalties include heavy fines and imprisonment; 
(b) 
civil liability - Staff can be sued by another party or the OIG Licensee for any loss 
suffered as a result of illegal trading activities; 
(c) 
civil penalty provisions - the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) 
may seek civil penalties against Staff and may even seek a court order that Staff be 
disqualified from managing a corporation; and 
(d) 
disciplinary action under this policy. 
5. No dealing in OIG Securities during Prohibited Periods  
5.1. To avoid the risk that Staff may be perceived as dealing, while in possession of Inside 
Information, in Securities issued by an OIG Licensee traded on a Relevant Market, OIG 
requires Designated Persons to adhere to the following dealing procedures.  
What is Closed and Prohibited Periods? 
5.2. Designated Persons must not deal in OIG Securities during the following prohibited periods 
(except in accordance with this policy): 
(a) 
the following closed periods: 
(i) 
from the day after the half year end (eg. 1 January or 1 July) to the close of 
trading on the business day after the Fund’s half yearly results are announced to 
Relevant Market; 
(ii) 
from the day after the financial year end (eg 1 July or 1 January) to the close of 
trading on the business day after the Fund’s annual results are announced to 
Relevant Market; 
(iii) 
from 28 days before, to the close of trading on the business day after, a general 
meeting to be held in respect of the Fund; and 
(iv) 
from 28 days before a product disclosure statement, a prospectus or similar 
disclosure document is lodged by the Responsible Entity to the Relevant Market 
in respect of the Fund; and 
(b) 
any extension to a closed period, and any additional period, as specified by the Board, 
(c) 
while in possession of any Inside Information.  
5.3. Designated Persons may deal in OIG Securities at other times subject to complying with 
insider trading prohibitions (See Clause 4) and the requirements of this policy. 
Notification officer and Associates 
5.4. The Director Legal, Risk & Compliance will generally act as the Notification Officer for the 
purposes of this Securities Dealing Policy however: 
(a) 
they may appoint a delegate to act on their behalf in the case of temporary absence; 
and 
(b) 
where the Designated Person intending to trade is the Director Legal, Risk & 
Compliance, the Notification Officer is the CEO or in their absence, the Chairman of the 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 5 
Compliance Committee. 
5.5. This policy also applies to Associates of Designated Persons. A Designated Person must 
procure compliance with this policy by their Associates and communicate on behalf of their 
Associate with the Notification Officer for the purposes of this policy. 
Prior Notification 
5.6. If a Designated Person proposes to deal in OIG Securities (including entering into an 
agreement to deal) they must first provide: 
(a) 
written notice of their intention to the Notification Officer; and 
(b) 
written confirmation that they are not in possession of Inside Information, in the form 
of the template in Appendix A part A. 
Clearance  
5.7. If the proposed dealing by the Designated Person would be in a Prohibited Period, before 
dealing in the Securities, the Designated Person must receive a written clearance in the form 
at Appendix A part B signed by the Notification Officer.  
5.8. A clearance expires five business days from its date, unless the Clearance Notice specifies a 
different expiry date.  
5.9. A clearance to trade confirms that the proposed dealing by the Designed Person is within the 
terms of the trading policy but does not otherwise constitute approval or endorsement by the 
Responsible Entity or the Notification Officer for the proposed dealing. Even if a clearance is 
granted, a Designated Person remains personally responsible for assessing whether the insider 
trading prohibitions apply to them. 
5.10. A register of notifications and clearances is to be kept by Director Legal, Risk & Compliance. 
Confirmation of dealing  
5.11. In addition to providing prior notification and seeking clearance under Clause 5.7, Designated 
Persons must confirm in writing to the relevant Notification Officer, within three business days 
from when the dealing in Securities has occurred, the number of Securities affected and the 
relevant parties to the dealing. 
5.12. A register of Designated Person’s interests in Securities is to be kept by Director Legal, Risk & 
Compliance. 
Board Members and dealings in ASX listed OIG Securities.  
5.13. Under the ASX Listing Rules, Directors of an OIG Licensee that operates a Fund listed on the 
ASX, must announce to the market dealings by themselves or their Associates in OIG 
Securities.  
5.14. Directors must as soon as practicable, and within 2 business days of the dealing, inform the 
Director Legal Risk & Compliance providing sufficient detail of the dealing to allow the 
required announcement be made to the ASX. 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 6 
6. 
Exceptional circumstances for dealings in OIG Securities 
6.1. If Exceptional Circumstances exists, then the following types of dealing are excluded from the 
operation of Clause 5 of this policy and may be undertaken at any time without requiring prior 
notification, approval or clearance or confirmation of dealing, subject to the insider trading 
prohibitions: 
(a) 
deal in Securities during a Prohibited Period; or 
(b) 
dispose of Securities even if otherwise prohibited under Clause 5. 
6.2. The Notification Officer will determine if Exceptional Circumstances exist, but they may 
include:  
(a) 
severe financial hardship, for example, a pressing financial commitment that cannot be 
satisfied otherwise than by selling the relevant OIG Securities; 
(b) 
requirements under a court order or court enforceable undertaking or any other legal 
or regulatory requirements; or 
(c) 
other exceptional circumstances as determined by the CEO (or Chairman of the 
Compliance Committee where the CEO is involved). 
6.3. 
If the Notification Officer has any doubt whether exceptional circumstances exist, they 
should exercise their discretion with caution.  
7. Permitted dealings in OIG Securities by Designated Persons 
7.1. The following types of dealing are excluded from the operation of Clause 5 and may be 
undertaken by a Designated Person at any time without requiring prior notification, approval 
or clearance or notification of dealing, subject to the insider trading prohibitions: 
(a) 
(superannuation) transfers of Securities which are already held in a superannuation 
fund or other saving scheme in which the Designated Person is a beneficiary; 
(b) 
(third parties) an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other 
than a scheme only investing in OIG Securities) where the assets of the fund or other 
scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
(c) 
(other trustees) where a Designated Person is a trustee, trading in Securities by the 
respective trust provided the Designated Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any 
decision to trade during a Prohibited Period is taken by the other trustees or by the 
Investment Managers independently of the Designated Person; 
(d) 
(takeover) disposal of Securities arising from the acceptance of a takeover offer or 
scheme of arrangement; 
(e) 
(rights offers, SPPs, DRPs and buy-backs) trading under an offer or invitation made to all 
or most of the security holders, such as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a 
dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an equal access buy-back, where the 
plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer has been approved by the 
Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements 
and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of 
entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 7 
(f) 
(lender disposal) a disposal of Securities that is the result of a secured lender (or 
financier) exercising their rights, however, this does not extend to disposal under a 
margin lending agreement where such agreements are prohibited by this policy; 
(g) 
(incentive scheme) the exercise (but not the sale of Securities following exercise) of an 
option or right under an employee incentive scheme, or the conversion of a convertible 
security, where the final date for the exercise of the option or right, or the conversion 
of the security, falls during a Prohibited Period and the Prohibited Period has been 
extended or there have been a number of consecutive Prohibited Periods and the 
Designated Person could not reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a time 
when free to do so; and 
(h) 
(trading plan) trading under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior written 
clearance has been provided in accordance with procedures set out in this policy and 
where: 
(i) 
the Designated Person did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a 
Prohibited Period; and 
(ii) 
the trading plan does not permit the Designated Person to exercise any influence 
or discretion over how, when, or whether to trade. 
7.2. However, this policy does not allow the Designated Person to cancel the trading plan or cancel 
or otherwise vary the terms of their participation in the trading plan during a prohibited 
period other than in exceptional circumstances.  
(a) 
(bonus issue) acquiring Securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of Securities 
of the same class; 
(b) 
(subscription under disclosure document) subscribing for Securities under a disclosure 
document. 
8. Further restrictions in respect of Securities 
Margin lending  
8.1. Designated Persons are not permitted to enter into margin lending arrangements in relation 
to OIG Securities. This is on the grounds that the terms may require OIG Securities to be sold 
during a Prohibited Period or when the Designated Person possesses inside information. 
8.2. The restriction does not extend to other funding arrangements where OIG Securities may be 
included as security. Designated Persons should consult Director Legal, Risk & Compliance if 
they are uncertain as to whether an arrangement should be classified as a margin lending 
arrangement. 
No short term or speculative trading 
8.3. OIG encourages Designated Persons to be long term investors in Funds and to hold OIG 
Securities for 12 months or more and Designated Persons must avoid short term (less than 12 
months) trading in OIG Securities or in Financial Products associated with the relevant Fund or 
OIG Securities.  
8.4. Designated Persons must not engage in short-selling or speculative trading of OIG Securities or 
in Financial Products associated with the relevant Fund or OIG Securities. 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 8 
No hedging  
8.5. OIG does not remunerate its Staff with OIG Securities.  
8.6. Subject to the law, Designated Persons who are not OIG Staff must not: 
(a) 
enter into transactions or arrangements with anyone which could have the effect of 
limiting their exposure to risk relating to an element of their remuneration that: 
(i) 
has not vested; or 
(ii) 
has vested but remains subject to a holding lock; or 
(b) 
deal at any time in financial products associated with OIG Securities, except for the 
type of dealing permitted by law or a permitted dealing under this policy 
8.7. 
Financial products include derivatives, options, warrants, futures, forward contracts, swaps 
and contracts for difference issued or created over or associated with OIG Securities 
including by third parties. 
Embargo – any Financial Product and any Staff Member 
8.8. The CEO may extend this policy to restrict nominated Staff (including Designated Person) 
(Embargoed Staff) from dealing in specified Financial Products (Embargoed Financial 
Products) where the CEO determines this is required to avoid the perception that Staff may be 
dealing with Inside Information. The CEO may determine that Embargoed Staff will be 
prohibited from dealing in any Embargoed Financial Products until the Inside Information is 
generally available. 
8.9. Embargoed Staff may submit to the Director Legal, Risk & Compliance a written request to 
deal in an Embargoed Financial Product: 
(a) 
confirming that they do not possess any Inside Information in respect of the relevant 
Financial Products; 
(b) 
confirming that they face financial hardship and describing the hardship; and 
(c) 
explaining why dealing in the Embargoed Financial Product is the only practical method 
of overcoming the financial hardship. 
8.10. The Director Legal Risk & Compliance will only approve a waiver where they are satisfied the 
above conditions are met and usually only in relation to the sale, not the purchase, of 
Embargoed Financial Products. 
9. Staff dealing in Financial Products that are not OIG Securities 
9.1. Staff that are not Designated Persons are permitted to deal in Financial Products (including 
Securities) without prior notification or approval or post-trade confirmation provided: 
(a) 
they do not possess Inside Information in respect of the relevant Financial Product, or 
any Security held by a fund related to that Financial Product;  
(b) 
the dealing is not in respect of an Embargoed Financial Product; 
(c) 
the dealing would create an unacceptable conflict of interests; and 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 9 
(d) 
the dealing will not involve any market misconduct including as described in Clause 10. 
9.2. In accordance with OIG’s Conflict of Interest and Related Party Transaction Policy, at least 
annually Staff must provide the Compliance Manager with a record of all Financial Products 
owned by them where a conflict of interest may arise4.   
10. 
Market Misconduct 
Market Manipulation 
10.1. Staff must not take part in or carry out a transaction that has, or is likely to have, the effect of 
creating or maintaining an artificial price for a Security.  
Creating a false or misleading appearance of dealing  
10.2. Staff must not do, or omit to do, an act which is likely to have the effect of creating, or causing 
the creation of, a false or misleading appearance of active trading in a Security. 
10.3. A Staff Member is taken to have created a false or misleading appearance of active trading in 
a particular Security if the Staff Member: 
(a) 
deals in those Securities in a manner that does not involve any change in their 
beneficial ownership whether directly or indirectly and in one or a series of 
transactions; 
(b) 
makes an offer to deal in a Security at a "specified price" and the Staff Member or their 
Associate has made or proposes to make an offer to deal in the same number (or 
substantially the same number) of those Securities at a price that is substantially the 
same as the “specified price”. 
False trading and market rigging 
10.4. Staff must not enter into, or engage in, a fictitious or artificial transaction or device if that 
transaction or device results in:  
(a) 
the price for trading in a Security being maintained, inflated or depressed; or 
(b) 
artificial fluctuations or volatility in the price of a Security. 
11. 
Confidential Information 
11.1. Staff must treat all sensitive, non-public information (Confidential Information) about OIG’s 
Funds and Clients as confidential and belonging to OIG, the relevant Fund or the relevant 
Client. Staff must not disclose Confidential Information to others (including family members, 
relatives, business or social acquaintances) except as authorised or legally required. Staff must 
avoid inadvertent or indirect disclosure of Confidential Information. 
11.2. Even within OIG, Confidential Information should be distributed to or discussed with others 
 
4 For example, a UFS Senior Manager with responsibility for preparing the Unit Price for a Fund should consider carefully 
whether it is appropriate to invest in that Fund.  
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 10 
only on a need-to-know basis, and all Staff should consider information learned at work as 
Confidential Information. Staff must ensure that conversations are not overheard in elevators, 
aeroplanes or other public places and that Confidential Information is not left on conference 
tables, desks or otherwise unguarded.  
11.3. Staff must take whatever steps are reasonably necessary to keep Confidential Information 
from being disclosed, except as authorised or legally required. 
12. 
Training and compliance 
12.1. The implementation of (including training on) and monitoring of compliance with this policy is 
undertaken in accordance with the Enterprise-Wide Risk Management Framework. 
12.2. Compliance with this policy is mandatory and any actual non-compliance must be reported 
and assessed through the normal incident/ breach reporting process relevant to the member 
of staff involved.  Any deliberate act of non-compliance by any employee may result in 
disciplinary action. 
12.3. Any OIG member of staff that does not understand an aspect of this policy including if it 
applies to them or their family or associates, can contact the Director, Legal Risk & Compliance 
for guidance or obtain their own legal or financial advice before dealing in Securities. 
13. 
Review and publication of this policy 
13.1. This policy will be reviewed at the intervals and in the manner described in the Enterprise-
Wide Risk Management Framework. 
13.2. This policy is available on OIG’s website and on the website maintained in respect of an ASX 
Listed Fund. Key features of the policy may also be in the Corporate Governance Statement 
available annually on that website.  
14. 
Other relevant OIG Policies  
In addition to the Enterprise-Wide Risk Management Framework, other OIG relevant polices 
are:  
(a) 
Conflicts of Interest and Related Party Transaction Policy; 
(b) 
Code of Conduct; and 
(c) 
Whistle-blower Policy. 
15. 
Dictionary and Interpretation  
15.1. 
In this policy, a reference to a person performing an act, for example Director, Operations, 
that person may delegate the performance of the relevant act to another, for example 
Manager, Operations provided they adequately supervise their delegate.  
15.2. 
In addition to the terms defined in the Enterprise-Wide Risk Management Framework, 
when used in this policy, the following capitalised terms have the meanings set out below: 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 11 
Term 
Meaning 
Associate 
Any person in respect of whom a Staff Member has the ability to 
control or influence decisions in relation to Financial Products, 
and includes the following: 
• a spouse, de facto partner, child or step-child (being a son or 
daughter under the age of 18 years) of the Staff Member 
(“Immediate Family”); 
• a self-managed superannuation fund for the Staff Member or 
their Immediate Family; 
• a private company of which the Staff Member or their 
Immediate Family is a director; and 
• a trust in which the Staff Member or their Immediate Family is 
a beneficiary.   
Board 
Board of directors of the relevant OIG Licensee. 
Corporations Act 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
“deal” or “dealing” 
Applying for, acquiring or disposing of a Financial Product and 
includes: 
• entering into an agreement or series of related transactions 
with respect to a Financial Product;  
• entering into transactions designed or intended to hedge, limit 
or extend the economic risks in that Financial Product 
(whether by way of swap or derivative or otherwise); and 
• any of these in relation to part of a Financial Product.   
Designated Person 
In respect of OIG Securities, each of the following: 
• all directors and officers of OIG Licensees, and other key 
management personnel of OIG allocated to the relevant Fund 
(eg the relevant Director, Operations); and  
• where UFS provides fund-administration services to the Fund, 
each UFS key management personnel involved in the provision 
of those services; 
• unless the Investment Manager has adopted and administers 
its own trading policy on terms acceptable to the OIG Licensee 
Board, all directors, officers and other key management 
personnel of the Investment Manager; and 
• any other person designated by the Board from time to time. 
Embargoed 
Financial Product 
Has the meaning given to that term in Clause 8.8. 
External 
Committee 
Member 
An External Member of a Compliance Committee established by 
an OIG Licensee pursuant to Part 5C.5 of the Corporations Act. 
Financial Products 
Division 3 financial products (as defined in Division 3 of Part 7.10 
of the Corporations Act 2001) and therefore includes (but is not 
limited to): 
• securities (shares); 
• derivatives; 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 12 
Term 
Meaning 
• interests in a managed investment scheme; 
• other financial products that can be traded on a Relevant 
Market.  
Inside Information  
Has the meaning given to that term in clause 4. 
Notification Officer  Director Legal, Risk & Compliance or  
• 
a delegate in the case of temporary absence; or   
• 
where the Designated Person intending to deal is the 
Director Legal, Risk & Compliance, they must provide their 
written notice to the CEO or the Chairman of the 
Compliance Committee. 
OIG 
Has the meaning given to that term in Clause 1.1. 
OIG Securities 
Financial Products issued by an OIG Licensee and listed, quoted or 
traded on a Relevant Market. 
Prohibited Period 
Has the meaning gibe to that term in Clause 5.2. 
Relevant Market 
A market or exchange where Financial Products are ordinarily able 
to be traded (even though trading in those products may be 
suspended), for example ASX, SSX or Cboe.  
Securities 
Financial Products that are listed, quoted or traded on a Relevant 
Market.  
Staff or Staff 
Member 
OIG employees, consultants, contractors, officers and directors 
(including non-executive directors and External Committee 
Members) regardless of their seniority, division or geographical 
location, and includes contractors.   
A reference to a Staff Member in this policy may include an 
Associate of that Staff Member as the context requires.   
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 13 
Appendix A 
Notification to deal in OIG Securities 
[#Name of Fund#] 
Instructions: 
This form is to be used in conjunction with OIG’s Securities Dealing Policy which is available on the 
Fund’s website. Terms defined in the Securities Dealing Policy have the same meaning in this form. If 
Staff have any questions, please contact the Director Legal, Risk & Compliance. 
Your Notification Officer is set out in the Securities Dealing Policy. If under the Securities Dealing 
Policy Staff are required to notify us of a proposed transaction, please complete Part A and send it to 
the Notification Officer. 
If Staff require Clearance to trade, Staff must receive Part B completed by the Notification Officer 
before Staff trade. 
If required, Staff must send a notification of dealing and details of your trade to the Notification 
Officer in the time required. 
1 
Part A- Notification by a Designated Person 
Name of Designated Person 
(“Designated Person”) 
Name of Fund 
Description of OIG Securities (ie number and class of 
Securities) 
(“Securities”) 
Nature of agreement/dealing 
([on /off market] [purchase / sale] or subscription) 
Proposed date of transaction (ie completion date) 
 
I confirm that: 
(a) 
I am not in possession of any Inside Information (eg unpublished information which, if 
generally available, might materially affect the price or value of the OIG Securities); and 
(b) 
the transaction in the OIG Securities described above does not contravene the Securities 
Dealing Policy. 
Signed:  
 
Dated:  
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 April 2022 
 
Page | 14 
2 
Part B - Clearance by the Notification Officer 
This clearance confirms that the proposed dealing by the Designated Person is within the terms of 
the Securities Dealing Policy but does not otherwise constitute an approval or endorsement of the 
proposed dealing. 
Name:  
  
Title:  
  
 
Signature:  
 
Dated:  
 
 
For personal use only
