 
 
 
 
ASX Announcement 
 
5 November 2025  
 
 
 
SHARE TRADING POLICY UPDATE 
 
Generation Development Group Limited (ASX: GDG) has completed a review and update of its 
Share Trading Policy.  
A copy of the revised policy is attached, in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10. 
 
Authorised by and contact for further information: 
 
Terence Wong  
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Telephone: +61 3 8601 2021 
Email: twong@genlife.com.au 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

GENERATION DEVELOPMENT GROUP LIMITED 
 
POLICY IN RELATION TO 
 
SHARE TRADING 
 
 
1. 
Purpose 
 
1.1 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
 
(1) 
explain the type of conduct that is prohibited under the Corporations Act 2001 
(as amended) in relation to dealing in the securities of the Company by 
employees and officers; and 
 
(2) 
establish a best practice procedure relating to dealings in Securities that 
provides protection to both the Company and employees against the misuse 
of unpublished price sensitive information. 
 
2. 
Summary of the Law 
 
2.1 
The Corporations Act 2001 (as amended) prohibits a person who is in possession of 
price sensitive information that is not generally available from: 
 
(1) 
dealing in securities; 
 
(2) 
procuring another person to deal in the securities; or 
 
(3) 
communicating the information to another person if that person is likely to 
deal in the securities. 
 
2.2 
Penalties for breach of this prohibition are severe and include criminal penalties 
(including imprisonment) and civil penalties. 
 
 
3. 
Definitions 
 
In this Policy the following definitions apply unless the context otherwise requires: 
 
(1) 
“Associate” has the same meaning as in section 9 of the Corporations Act 
2001 and in relation to a person includes the person’s spouse, defacto, family 
members, controlled trusts and companies or other third parties 
contemplating the acquisition or sale of securities on behalf of the person. 
 
(2) 
“Authorised Persons” include the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial 
Officer or Company Secretary. 
 
(3) 
“Board” means the board of Directors.  
 
(4) 
“Chairman” means the person who is from time to time appointed by the 
Board as Chairman of the Company or such other person nominated by the 
Board to act in their absence for the purposes of this Policy. 
 
(5) 
“Chief Executive Officer” means the person who is from time to time 
appointed by the Board as Chief Executive Officer of the Company or such 
For personal use only

 
2 
other person nominated by the Board to act in their absence for the purposes 
of this Policy. 
 
(6) 
“Chief Financial Officer” means the person who is from time to time 
appointed by the Board as Chief Financial Officer of the Company or such 
other person nominated by the Board to act in their absence for the purposes 
of this Policy. 
 
(7) 
“Company” means Generation Development Group Limited. 
 
(8) 
“Company Secretary” means the person who is from time to time appointed 
by the Board as Company Secretary of the Company or such other person 
nominated by the Board to act in their absence for the purposes of this Policy. 
 
(9) 
“Dealing” includes any subscription, redemption, purchase or sale of 
securities, or any agreement to effect the same; an exercise of an option or 
other right; or entering into any other form of agreement to acquire or dispose 
of an interest in securities. 
 
(10) 
“Director” means a director of the Company and for the purposes of this 
Policy, includes the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
 
(11) 
“Investment Manager” means a person who manages investments 
(whether or not on a discretionary basis) on behalf of a Director or a Relevant 
Employee or on behalf of an Associate of a Director or a Relevant Employee 
but does not include such a person who manages investments which are 
interests in a registered managed investment scheme.  
 
(12) 
“Policy” means this document. 
 
(13) 
“Relevant Employee” means  
 
(a) 
an employee of the Company; 
 
(b) 
a director or employee of a related body corporate of the Company; 
or 
 
(c)  
a contractor who is not an employee if: 
 
(i) 
the contractor provides services or performs functions 
similar to those usually carried out by employees of the 
Company; and  
 
(ii) 
the term of the contract exceeds 6 months. 
 
(14) 
“Securities” means any listed or unlisted shares, debentures, interests, 
rights, units or option contracts in the Company. 
 
(15) 
“unpublished price sensitive information” means information which: 
 
(a) 
relates to particular securities or to a particular issuer of securities 
and not to securities generally or issuers of securities generally; 
 
(b) 
is specific or precise; 
 
For personal use only

 
3 
(c) 
has not been made public; and 
 
(d) 
if it were made public would be likely to have a significant effect on 
the price or value of any securities. 
 
4. 
Dealings by Directors and Relevant Employees 
 
4.1 
Each Director and Relevant Employee must conduct his or her personal investment 
activities lawfully and in a manner that avoids a conflict of interest between the 
interests of the Director or Relevant Employee and the duties that he or she owes to 
the Company or its clients. 
 
4.2 
A Director or Relevant Employee must not deal in Securities at any time when they 
are in possession of unpublished price sensitive information or otherwise where 
clearance to deal is not given under paragraph 6 of this Policy. Directors and members 
of GDG’s Executive Team must make a declaration to the effect that they are not in 
possession of any unpublished price sensitive information when seeking approval to 
trade. 
 
4.3 
A Director must not enter into a transaction that is designed or intended to hedge his 
or her exposure to: 
 
(1) 
a Security that is subject to retention arrangements; or 
 
(2) 
an unvested option; or  
 
(3) 
both (1) and (2). 
 
5. 
Margin Lending 
 
5.1 
Directors and members of GDG’s Executive Team must receive prior consent from 
the Chairman before entering into margin loans or other financing arrangements 
which create a security interest over a significant holding of Company securities. A 
‘significant holding’ of Company securities is a holding of more than 1% of the issued 
capital of the Company. In the case of the Chairman, approval must be obtained from 
the Chair of the Audit Committee. 
 
5.2 
If required by the Company, a Director or member of GDG’s Executive Team must 
provide the Company Secretary with information relevant to the margin loans or 
financing arrangements. 
 
5.3 
This Policy continues to apply to all Directors and members of GDG’s Executive Team  
regardless of commitments which such individuals may enter into in relation to margin 
lending contracts or other financing arrangements. 
 
6. 
Clearance to Deal 
 
6.1 
A Relevant Employee must not deal in Securities without obtaining the prior approval 
of two Authorised Persons. 
 
6.2 
A Director must not deal in Securities without obtaining the prior approval of the 
Chairman and one Authorised Person. 
 
For personal use only

 
4 
6.3 
The Chairman must not deal in Securities without obtaining the prior approval of either 
the Chair of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee or Chair of the Audit 
Committee and one Authorised Person. 
 
6.4 
Requests for clearance to deal should be made by email to the Company Secretary. 
The Company Secretary will forward requests to the person responsible for giving 
clearance. It is intended that all requests will be answered via email within 48 hours.  
Copies of answers to requests made by a Director or a member of the GDG Executive 
Team will be made available to the Chair of the Audit Committee. 
 
6.5 
Dealings in Securities must be completed within 1 month of approval being granted, 
unless otherwise advised by the Company Secretary. 
 
6.6 
Subsequent to any approved dealing in Securities, a Director or Relevant Employee 
must provide copies of trading confirmations where requested by the Company 
Secretary. 
 
7. 
Circumstances for Refusal 
 
7.1 
Subject to paragraph 10, a Director or Relevant Employee must not be given 
clearance to deal in Securities during a prohibited period.  A prohibited period means: 
 
(1) 
any closed period; 
 
(2) 
any period where the person seeking clearance is in possession of 
unpublished price sensitive information in relation to Securities; or 
 
(3) 
any period when the person responsible for clearance otherwise has 
reason to believe that the proposed dealing is in breach of this Policy. 
 
8. 
Closed periods 
 
For the purpose of this Policy, a closed period is the period: 
 
(1) 
Commencing on 1 January and 1 July and concluding on the date which is 1 
business day after the date that the Company’s half year results or full year 
results (as the case may be) are released to the ASX; and 
 
(2) 
Commencing on 1 April and 1 October and concluding on the date which is 
1 business day after the date that the Company’s Quarterly Update for the 
relevant quarter is announced to the ASX. 
 
9. 
Circumstances where clearance most appropriate 
 
9.1 
As a matter of practice, the following periods are the most appropriate times for a 
Director or Relevant Employee to deal in Securities: 
 
(1) 
the period of 4 weeks commencing 1 business day after the date that the 
Company’s Quarterly Update is announced to the ASX for the March and 
September quarters; 
 
(2) 
the period of 4 weeks commencing 1 business day after the date that that 
the half year results or full year results (as the case may be) of the Company 
are announced to the ASX; and 
 
For personal use only

 
5 
(3) 
the period of 2 weeks commencing 1 business day after the date that the 
Annual General Meeting of the Company is held. 
 
10. 
Dealing in exceptional circumstances 
 
10.1 
In exceptional circumstances, clearance may be given for a Director or Relevant 
Employee to sell (but not to purchase) Securities where they would otherwise be 
prohibited from doing so only because the proposed sale would fall within a closed 
period. The determination of whether circumstances are exceptional for this purpose 
must be made by the person responsible for the clearance. 
 
10.2 
Clearance may not be given where the person responsible for giving the clearance is 
aware of any other reason why the Director or Relevant Employee would be prohibited 
from dealing by this Policy.   
 
10.3 
An example of the type of circumstances which may be considered exceptional for 
these purposes would be a pressing financial commitment on the part of the Director 
or Relevant Employee that cannot otherwise be satisfied.  
 
11. 
Dealings of a short term nature 
 
A Director or Relevant Employee must not deal in Securities on considerations of a 
short term nature. 
 
12. 
Dealings by associated persons and investment managers 
 
12.1 
Each Director and Relevant Employee must (so far as is consistent with their duties 
of confidentiality to the Company) seek to prohibit (by taking the steps set out in 
paragraph 12.2 of this Policy) any dealing in Securities during a closed period or at a 
time when the Director or Relevant Employee is in possession of unpublished price 
sensitive information in relation to those securities and would be prohibited from 
dealing under paragraph 4.2 of this Policy: 
 
(1) 
by or on behalf of their Associates; or 
 
(2) 
by their Investment Managers. 
 
12.2 
For the purposes of paragraph 12.1 of this Policy, a Director or Relevant Employee 
must advise their Associates and Investment Managers: 
 
(1) 
that they are a Director or Relevant Employee of the Company; 
 
(2) 
of the closed periods during which they cannot deal in Securities; 
 
(3) 
of any other period when the Director or Relevant Employee is aware that 
they are not free to deal in Securities under the provisions of this Policy, 
unless their duty of confidentiality to the Company prohibits them from 
disclosing such periods; and 
 
(4) 
that they must advise them immediately after they have dealt in Securities. 
 
12.3 
Where a Director or Relevant Employee receives advice under paragraph 12.2(4) of 
this Policy, this information must immediately be communicated to the Company 
Secretary. 
 
For personal use only

 
6 
13. 
Guidance on other dealings 
 
13.1 
For the avoidance of doubt and subject to the specific exceptions set out in paragraph 
14 of this Policy, the following constitute dealings for the purposes of this Policy and 
are consequently subject to the provisions of this policy: 
 
(1) 
arrangements which involve a sale of securities with the intention of 
repurchasing an equal number of such securities soon afterwards; 
 
(2) 
dealings between Directors and Relevant Employees; 
 
(3) 
off market dealings; and 
 
(4) 
transfers for no consideration. 
 
14. 
Exempt dealings 
 
14.1 
The following dealings are not subject to the provisions of this Policy: 
 
(1) 
undertakings or elections to take up or the take up or the lapse of entitlements 
under a rights issue or other offer in which all shareholders are entitled to 
participate; 
 
(2) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
 
(3) 
a dealing by a Director or Relevant Employee with an associated person 
whose interest in the securities is to be treated by virtue of the Corporations 
Act as their own interest; 
 
(4) 
subscription for shares under an employee share scheme; and 
 
(5) 
shares issued under a dividend reinvestment plan. 
 
15. 
Record Keeping 
 
15.1 
A written record will be maintained by the Company Secretary of the receipt of any 
request to deal pursuant to paragraph 6 of this Policy and of any clearance given. 
 
15.2 
The Company Secretary must maintain a register of persons to whom this policy 
applies. 
 
16. 
Who to Contact 
 
Queries in relation to the application of this Policy should be directed to the Company 
Secretary.  Ultimately, the onus is on the individual Director or Relevant Employee to 
determine whether it is appropriate to deal in Securities. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

7 
Original/Amendment 
Date approved by Board 
Staff Trading Policy 
29 August 2007 
Amendment No. 1 
30 November 2007 
Amendment No. 2 
26 March 2008 
Amendment No. 3 
27 August 2008 
Amendment No. 4 
27 January 2009 
Amendment No. 5 
20 December 2010 
Amendment No. 6 
21 April 2022 
Amendment No. 7 
3 November 2025 
For personal use only
