 
L1 Global Long Short Fund Limited 
ACN 063 975 431 
Level 45, 101 Collins Street, Melbourne VIC 3000
L1.Capital/GLS
 
ASX Release 
L1 Global Long Short Fund Limited (ASX:GLS) 
25 August 2026
Updated Share Trading Policy 
L1 Global Long Short Fund Limited (ASX:GLS) (Company) advises that, in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, it 
has updated its Share Trading Policy. 
The Share Trading Policy forms section 5 of the Company’s Corporate Governance Charter, which is available on the 
Company’s website at https://l1.capital/GLSCorporateGovernance. A copy of the updated Share Trading Policy as 
extracted from the Corporate Governance Charter is also attached. 
END 
This announcement is authorised for release by the Board of Directors. 
 
 
 
 
Investor contact 
Andrew Stannard | Chief Financial Officer | L1 Group Limited | Phone: (02) 9255 7528 | Email: IR@L1Group.com.au 
For personal use only

www.L1.com.au
L1 Global Long Short Fund Limited  | ACN 063 975 431 
Level 45, 101 Collins Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000
Tel +61 3 9286 7000  I  Fax +61 3 9286 7099
L1 Global Long Short Fund 
Limited (ASX:GLS)
Corporate Governance Charter 
For personal use only

5.
Share Trading Policy
5.1.  Policy
The Board has established the following policy to apply to trading in the Company’s shares on ASX. This 
policy applies to those persons defined below as “Restricted Persons” of the Company. Restricted 
Persons to whom this policy applies must restrict their buying and selling of Company’s shares within the 
Company trading window established by the Share Trading Policy. Any breach of this policy will be 
regarded as serious and will be subject to appropriate sanctions.
In addition to the requirements of this Share Trading Policy, all Restricted Persons (as defined below) must 
also comply with the Insider Trading Policy in section 6 below.
5.2.  Executive restrictions on trading
This Share Trading Policy and the restrictions on trading in the Company’s shares set out below applies to 
the following representatives of the Company (Restricted Persons):
•
the Board;
•
Executives; and
•
the Company Secretary.
The Restricted Persons are to be subject to restrictions on trading in the Company’s shares at certain 
times of the year. Restrictions also apply where any Restricted Person is exposed to inside information in 
the course of their duties in accordance with the Insider Trading Policy (see section 6 below).
5.3.  Associated Parties
Each Restricted Person has a personal responsibility to ensure that his or her “associated parties” (being 
immediate family (including a spouse (or equivalent) or dependent), family company or trust) complies 
with the same respective restrictions as apply to Restricted Persons.
5.4.  Prohibition on Restricted Persons dealing in Shares
As the Company is a listed investment company which will announce its investment updates and Net 
Tangible Assets (NTA) at least monthly on the ASX, the Board believes the Shareholders are generally fully 
informed.
In addition to the overriding prohibition on dealing when a person is in possession of inside information in 
accordance with the Insider Trading Policy, Restricted Persons and their associated parties are prohibited 
(unless otherwise agreed to by the Board) from dealing in shares during:
•
each period of 5 trading days before the announcement of a dividend or any other capital management
initiative that might have a material impact on the share price;
•
the period commencing 5 trading days prior to the release of the Company’s half-year financial results
to the ASX and ending at the beginning of trading on the next trading day after such release;
•
the period commencing 5 trading days prior to the release of the Company’s full-year financial results
to the ASX and ending at the beginning of trading on the next trading day after such release; and
L1 Global Long Short Fund Limited (ASX:GLS) | Corporate Governance Charter
Page 20
For personal use only

•
the period commencing 5 trading days prior to the Company’s Annual General Meeting and ending at
the beginning of trading on the next trading day after the Annual General Meeting.
The Company may from time to time designate further periods of time as a prohibited period under this 
Policy.
For the avoidance of doubt, it is emphasised that Restricted Persons may not deal whilst in the 
possession of “Inside Information” (see section 6).
5.5.  Board of Directors’ discretion
The Board has an absolute discretion to place an embargo on Restricted Persons and/or their respective 
associated parties trading in the Company’s shares at any time.
5.6.  Notification rules in relation to dealing in shares
Restricted Persons are required to notify the Company of intended dealings in the Company’s shares, by 
themselves or their associated parties, prior to such intended dealings. This should be done by written 
notice to the Company Secretary outlining the:
•
name of the Shareholder;
•
type of proposed transaction (purchase, sale, etc.); and
•
number of shares involved.
The Company Secretary will confer with the Chairperson in relation to any proposed dealing.
The Chairperson and the Company Secretary must keep a written record of any information received 
from a Restricted Person in connection with this policy and any clearance or refusal to grant clearance 
given under this policy.
5.7.  Directors to notify ASX of shareholding
The Directors are required to complete, or request that the Company Secretary complete, necessary 
forms to be filed with ASX in respect of their shareholding in the Company for the purposes of section 
205G of the Corporations Act and the Listing Rules.
All Directors have, and new Directors will, enter into a Director disclosure agreement with the Company 
(as set out in Guidance Note 22 of the Listing Rules). The Company Secretary will maintain records of 
signed copies of these Directors disclosure agreements.
5.8.  Exceptional Circumstances
Where, in exceptional circumstances, and it is the only reasonable course of action available to a 
Restricted Person (e.g. a pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise) clearance 
may be given for the Restricted Person to sell (but not to purchase) shares in the Company when that 
person would otherwise be prohibited from doing so. In this section 5.8, “exceptional circumstances” 
means severe financial hardship, a court order (or court enforceable undertaking), or some other 
overriding legal or regulatory requirement, to transfer or sell shares in the Company, or other 
circumstances that may be deemed exceptional by the Chairperson.
L1 Global Long Short Fund Limited (ASX:GLS) | Corporate Governance Charter
Page 21
For personal use only

For example, a Restricted Person may be in severe financial hardship if he or she has a pressing financial 
commitment that cannot otherwise be satisfied.
The Chairperson may not give clearance under the exception in section 5.8 if there is a matter about 
which there is inside information in relation to shares in the Company (whether or not the Restricted 
Person knows about the matter) when the Restricted Person requests clearance or proposes to deal in 
shares in the Company.
The Chairperson or another Director (where the Chairperson is involved) will decide if circumstances are 
exceptional.
Any clearance given by the Chairperson in accordance with section 5.8 must be in writing (which may be 
in the form of an email). The Chairperson must determine, and specify in the written clearance, the 
maximum duration of the clearance.
5.9.  Trading not subject to this Share Trading Policy
The following dealings are not subject to the provisions of this Share Trading Policy in respect of the 
Company:
•	 undertakings or elections to take up entitlements under a rights issue or other offer (including an offer 
of shares in lieu of a cash dividend);
•	 the take up of entitlements under a rights issue or other offer (including an offer of shares in lieu of a 
cash dividend);
•	 allowing entitlements to lapse under a rights issue or other offer (including an offer of shares in lieu of 
a cash dividend);
•	 the sale of sufficient entitlements to allow take up of the balance of the entitlements under a rights 
issue;
•	 undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer or pursuant to a scheme of arrangement 
implemented in accordance with section 411 of the Corporations Act;
•	 the purchase of shares or the communication of information pursuant to a requirement imposed by 
law;
•	 bona fide gifts to a Director by a third party;
•	 transfers of shares in the Company already held into a superannuation fund or other saving scheme in 
which the Restricted Person is a beneficiary;
•	 an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme that invests in securities of the 
Company (other than a scheme only investing in the securities of the Company) where the assets of 
the fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party;
•	 where a Restricted Person is a trustee, trading in the securities of the Company by that trust provided 
the Restricted Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a prohibited 
period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers independently of the Restricted 
Person; and
•	 trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the Shareholders, such as, a rights issue, a 
security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an equal access buy-back, 
where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer has been approved by the Board. 
This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of 
entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable 
pro rata issue.
L1 Global Long Short Fund Limited (ASX:GLS) | Corporate Governance Charter
Page 22
For personal use only

5.10.  Hedging
A Restricted Person must not enter into hedging arrangements with respect to securities in the Company 
(including any shares, options and rights).
Hedging arrangements include entering into transactions in financial products that operate to limit the 
economic risk associated with holding securities in the Company.
5.11  Margin Loans
A Restricted Person must not include his or her securities in the Company in a margin loan portfolio or 
otherwise deal in securities in the Company pursuant to a margin lending arrangement without first 
obtaining the Company’s consent. Such dealing would include:
•	 entering into a margin lending arrangement in respect of securities in the Company;
•	 transferring securities in the Company into an existing margin loan account; and
•	 selling securities in the Company to satisfy a call pursuant to a margin loan.
The Company may, at its discretion, make any clearance granted in accordance with this Clause 5.11 
conditional upon such terms and conditions as the Company sees fit (for example, in regard to the 
circumstances in which the securities in the Company may be sold to satisfy a margin call).
L1 Global Long Short Fund Limited (ASX:GLS) | Corporate Governance Charter
Page 23
For personal use only
