Goodman Group  
Goodman Limited  |  ABN 69 000 123 071 
Goodman Funds Management Limited  |  ABN 48 067 796 641  |  AFSL Number 223621 
as responsible entity for Goodman Industrial Trust  |  ARSN 091213 839 
The Hayesbery, 1-11 Hayes Road, Rosebery NSW 2018  |  GPO Box 4703, Sydney NSW 2001 Australia 
Tel +61 2 9230 7400  |  Fax +61  2 9230 7444   
Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited  |  Company No. 1700359  |  ARBN 155 911 149  |  a Hong Kong company with limited liability 
Suite 901, Three Pacific Place, 1 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong  |  Tel +852 2249 3100  |  Fax +852  2525 2070    
info-au@goodman.com  |  www.goodman.com 
15 June 2021 
Market Announcements Office 
ASX Limited 
Via ASX Online 
Dear Sir / Madam 
GOODMAN GROUP (GOODMAN) –  Securities Trading Policy 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, Goodman Group advises that it has amended its 
Securities Trading Policy with effect from 1 July 2021.  
A copy of the revised policy is attached.  
Yours faithfully 
Carl Bicego 
Company Secretary 
Authorised for release to the ASX by Carl Bicego, Company Secretary and Group Head of Legal.  
For personal use only

Why do we have this policy?
Goodman seeks the alignment of its team members 
with securityholders through its equity incentive 
scheme and encourages team members to be  
long-term holders of Goodman Securities. 
From time to time team members will seek to 
trade their Goodman Securities and the purpose of 
this policy is to provide guidance and assist with 
statutory and regulatory obligations, to reduce the 
risk of reputational harm and to give the market 
confidence in Goodman’s practices. 
These policy requirements are intended to assist  
you to avoid conduct known as ‘insider trading’  
and reduce the possibility of any adverse inference  
of unfair dealing being drawn.
The requirements imposed by the policy are separate 
from, and in addition to, the legal prohibitions on 
insider trading in Australia and any other country 
where financial products may be quoted. This policy 
is in addition to your legal obligations.
What are Goodman Securities?
For the purposes of this policy, ‘Goodman Securities’ 
or ‘Securities’ includes the Goodman Group stapled 
securities and related financial products (including 
options and derivatives).
Consent to deal in GMT Securities must be obtained 
under the Goodman (NZ) Limited Financial Products 
Trading Policy and Guidelines. Consent will be 
provided in consultation with the Group Company 
Secretary. 
Securities trading policy
For personal use only

Corporate Governance Policies – Securities trading policy
2
Who does the policy apply to?
The policy applies to:
	
+ All directors of Goodman and its related bodies 
corporate (‘Directors’) and all employees (whether 
permanent, temporary, contractors or secondees) 
	
+ Their associates which include close family 
members and people or entities (such as family 
companies or self managed pension funds) where 
there is any influence over the investment process 
or where they are acting on behalf of the Director 
or employee.
(together, ‘team members’)
What are the consequences of a breach of 
this policy?
There are potentially serious civil and criminal 
liabilities arising from breaches of insider trading 
laws. Breaches of this policy are also a breach of 
your conditions of employment and may lead to 
disciplinary action, including dismissal or termination 
of engagement.
Securities Trading Rules
In summary, the rules are as follows.
1.	 Insider trading is prohibited at all times under the 
law and this policy
2.	 Trading is prohibited during a blackout period 
under this policy
3. To trade during other times you must first obtain 
consent, unless this policy specifies that consent 
is not required.
Further information on each of these rules is set out 
below followed by Other relevant Information.
1.	 Insider trading is prohibited at all times
‘Inside information’ is information that is not 
generally available that, if made generally available, 
would have a material effect on the price or value of 
securities in the market. You may become aware of 
inside information while working for or contracting 
with Goodman. 
Under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and this 
policy, if you have inside information relating to 
Goodman, you must not:
	
+ Deal in Securities (including trading, entering into 
a margin loan or derivative contract)
	
+ Get somebody else to deal, or agree to deal, in 
Securities on your behalf
	
+ Directly or indirectly communicate, or cause 
someone else to communicate, inside information 
to another person who is likely to deal, or get 
somebody else to deal, in the relevant Securities. 
These requirements are in addition to your obligation 
to maintain the confidentiality of the Group’s 
confidential information at all times.
From time to time, as part of your employment or 
duties, you may come across information which is 
not inside information in relation to Goodman, but 
which is inside information of a different company 
(such as a customer or supplier of Goodman). You 
must not breach insider trading laws in relation to the 
securities of that company.
For personal use only

Corporate Governance Policies – Securities trading policy
3
2.	 Trading is prohibited during a blackout period
In addition to the general prohibition on insider 
trading at any time, you must not trade in Securities 
during the following blackout periods:
	
+ The period commencing from the full year end  
(30 June) through to the day after the release  
of the full year results
	
+ The period commencing from the half year end 
(31 December) through to the day after the release 
of the half year results
	
+ The period commencing one week before the 
release of a quarterly update through to the day 
after that release.
The Group Chief Executive Officer (‘Group CEO’) or 
Company Secretary will notify team members of the 
blackout periods during these times. The blackout 
period may be lifted during the making of a public 
offer as the market is required to be fully informed at 
such times.
A blackout period may also be notified to team 
members at other times where considered 
appropriate in the circumstances.
3.	 Consent must be obtained at all times 
whenever trading is allowed
At all times, before trading any Securities you 
must inform the Group CEO or Company Secretary 
of your intention to trade and seek their consent. 
Directors must seek the consent of the Chairman 
and the Chairman must seek the consent of the Audit 
Committee Chair.
You must not trade the Securities until consent 
has been granted. Consent lasts 10 business days 
after which time you must again seek consent 
to trade. Consent may be withdrawn at any time 
before you trade in Securities if new relevant 
information becomes available or there is a change in 
circumstances. 
Consent is not required to participate in a public 
offer by the Group (including Rights Issues, Dividend 
Reinvestment Plans and Security Purchase Plans)
or where otherwise approved by the Board. Consent 
is also not required where trading in Securities 
results in no change to the beneficial interest in the 
Securities (including transfer of Securities held by 
you into your self managed pension fund or other 
saving scheme in which you are a beneficiary).
Any consent to trade in Securities under the policy 
is not an endorsement of the proposed trading and 
you are individually responsible for your investment 
decisions and compliance with insider trading laws. 
If consent to trade in Securities is not granted, you 
must keep the fact of the refusal confidential. 
Other relevant information
Blackout periods and exceptional circumstances
Consent to trade in Securities during a blackout 
period may be requested in exceptional 
circumstances. Exceptional circumstances include 
where a team member may need to trade Securities 
in accordance with a court order or court enforceable 
undertaking, or on account of hardship where the 
team member has no other means of meeting an 
urgent financial commitment (this would not typically 
include an expected tax liability). Consent will 
not be given unless the Group CEO or Company 
Secretary is satisfied of exceptional circumstances. 
Executives (Group CEO-1) must seek the consent 
of a Committee comprised of the Chairman, Group 
CEO and Company Secretary. Not all exceptional 
circumstances can be specified in advance and other 
circumstances may be deemed to be exceptional in 
the exercise of this policy. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a team member cannot 
trade in Securities if they are aware of inside 
information.
Special risks may arise where you do not have 
control of securities that may be acquired or sold in 
respect of which you have a beneficial interest. Care 
should be taken in relation to giving discretionary 
mandates where you have a direct or indirect interest 
in the securities, margin loans and derivatives (see 
further below).
Margin lending
If a team member enters into a loan to acquire 
securities that is secured by Goodman Securities, 
a margin call under that loan must not be met by 
the sale of Goodman Securities at a time when you 
would not be able to trade under this policy. You 
are required to have sufficient resources to meet a 
margin call by means other than by a sale of your 
Goodman Securities.
If your margin lender sells any of your Securities 
at a time when trading is not allowed, it will be 
considered a breach of this policy. Any dealing 
in breach of this policy should immediately be 
disclosed to the Company Secretary for reporting 
to and consideration by the Board for possible 
disciplinary action.
Key management personnel (as defined in the 
Corporations Act and included in the most recent 
Remuneration Report) must not have a margin loan 
in respect of Goodman Securities.
For personal use only

Corporate Governance Policies – Securities trading policy
4
Derivatives and hedging over vested Goodman 
securities 
A team member can only enter into a derivative 
contract that hedges their exposure to movements 
in the price of Securities if the exercise window 
for either party under that contract is not during a 
scheduled blackout period. The arrangement must 
also comply with the law, the other provisions of this 
policy and any other conditions that you may be 
subject to (such as a minimum holding requirement).
Where an unscheduled blackout period overlaps 
with an exercise period, a team member must not 
seek to exercise or settle the derivative and should 
inform the Company Secretary. A Committee of the 
Chairman, Group CEO and the Company Secretary 
will consider appropriate actions.
Any dealing in breach of this policy should 
immediately be disclosed to the Company Secretary 
for reporting to and consideration by the Board for 
possible disciplinary action.
Use of derivatives and hedging over unvested 
Goodman securities is prohibited
It is contrary to this policy for team members to enter 
into derivative contracts that hedge their exposure 
to movements in the price of Securities provided 
under an employee equity incentive plan that have 
not vested.
Short-term trading in Securities
One of the objectives of this policy is to support 
alignment between Goodman, its securityholders 
and team members through the long-term holding 
of Securities. Accordingly, team members are 
encouraged to not frequently acquire Securities with 
the intention of selling them shortly after, i.e. within 
three months. 
You should contact the Group Company Secretary 
for guidance if you have any questions about this 
aspect of the policy. For clarity, the sale of Securities 
following vesting to team members under employee 
equity incentive plans is not considered to be short 
term trading.
No short selling of Securities
Short selling involves selling financial products that 
you do not own or have borrowed with a view to 
repurchasing them later at a lower price. Short selling 
of Securities by team members is prohibited.
Please ask if you have questions or need further 
information
If you are in any doubt as to whether you possess 
inside information, or have any other query about this 
policy, the Corporations Act or how either may apply 
to you, you should contact the Company Secretary.
This policy has been approved by the Boards of 
Goodman Limited, Goodman Funds Management 
Limited as responsible entity of Goodman Industrial 
Trust and Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited and is 
effective from July 2021. Goodman will review this 
policy including its effectiveness every two years 
or earlier in response to any significant regulatory 
developments.
For personal use only
