 
Securities Trading Policy 
ASX Listing Rules 12.9 to 12.12 
© Gilbert + Tobin 2015 
Securities Trading Policy 
GR Engineering Services Ltd ABN 12 121 542 738 (Company) 
1 
Purpose 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
 
assist those persons covered by the policy to comply with their obligations under the insider 
trading provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act); 
 
aim to ensure that the reputation of the Company and its subsidiaries (Group) is not adversely 
impacted by perceptions of trading in the Company’s securities at certain times, and to ensure 
a proper market for the Company’s securities is maintained that supports shareholder and 
investor confidence;  
 
establish a procedure for trading in the Company’s securities by persons covered by the policy 
including setting out: the periods when trading is prohibited; the restrictions on trading; the 
exceptional circumstances when trading may be permitted during a prohibited period with prior 
written clearance; the procedure to obtain written clearance to trade, including during a 
prohibited period; and the trading that is excluded from the policy; and 
 
comply with the ASX Listing Rules.   
This policy is for the protection of the Company and each of the persons covered by the policy.  If you 
do not understand any part of this policy, or the summary of the law relating to insider trading, or how 
it applies to you, you should contact the Company Secretary before trading in any securities covered 
by this policy.  Ultimately it is your responsibility to make sure that none of your trading constitutes 
insider trading.   
2 
Who does this policy apply to? 
This policy applies to Restricted Persons.  A Restricted Person is a person who is: 
(a) 
a person having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities 
of the Company, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of 
the Company (Key Management Personnel);  
(b) 
an employee of the Group (Employees); 
(c) 
a contractor of the Group nominated by the Board from time to time as a contractor to whom 
this Policy applies (Contractors); 
(d) 
a Connected Person of Key Management Personnel, Employees or Contractors. 
A Connected Person means a spouse or partner, child or step-child under 18 years, a parent, an 
unlisted body corporate which the Key Management Personnel, or Employee or Contractor controls or 
is director of, a trust of which the Key Management Personnel, or Employee or Contractor is a trustee 
and of which he or she or any of the persons referred to above is a beneficiary or any other person 
over whom the Key Management Personnel, or Employee or Contractor has significant influence or 
control.  Where this policy requires a Restricted Person to do an act or thing, the relevant Restricted 
Person must do that act or thing in respect of the Connected Person.  
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading Policy 
© Gilbert + Tobin 2015 
3 
What securities are covered by this policy? 
This policy applies to trading in all securities issued by the Company, and includes the following types 
of securities: 
(a) 
shares, share acquisition rights and options; 
(b) 
debentures (including bonds and notes); 
(c) 
derivatives of any of the above (including equity swaps, futures, hedges and exchange-traded 
or over-the-counter options) whether settled by cash or otherwise,  
(Company Securities).  
The insider trading provisions in the Corporations Act also apply to the securities of other companies 
and entities if you have inside information about that company or entity.  These other companies and 
entities may include suppliers or customers of the Group; joint venture partners; or companies that the 
Company or another member of the Group has entered (or is planning to enter) into a transaction 
with, for example a takeover or asset sale.   
To “trade” in securities means, whether as principal or agent, to apply for, acquire or dispose of 
securities; enter into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of securities.  To “trade” includes 
the exercise of an option or the conversion of a share acquisition right.   
4 
Insider trading prohibition 
4.1 
What is Inside Information? 
Inside Information is information that: (a) is not generally available; and (b) if it were generally 
available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of the 
securities.   
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price or 
value of securities if (and only if) the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons who 
commonly acquire securities in deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of those securities.  In 
other words, the information must be shown to be material to the investment decision of a reasonable 
hypothetical investor in the securities.   
It does not matter how you come to know the Inside Information.  For the purpose of the insider 
trading provisions of the Corporations Act, “information” is given a wide meaning and includes matters 
of supposition and other matters that are insufficiently definite to warrant being made known to the 
public and matters relating to the intentions, or the likely intentions of a person.   
Examples of information which, if made available to the market, may depending on the circumstances 
be likely to have a material effect on the price of Company Securities are set out in the Appendix.   
4.2 
When is information generally available? 
Information is generally available if: 
(a) 
it consists of ‘readily observable matter’; 
(b) 
it has been made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, bring it to the attention of 
persons who commonly invest in securities of a kind whose price or value might be affected by 
the information and since it was made known, a reasonable period for it to be disseminated 
among such persons has elapsed; or  
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading Policy 
© Gilbert + Tobin 2015 
(c) 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information of the kind 
referred to in (a) or (b) above.   
4.3 
Prohibited conduct 
In summary, the Corporations Act prohibits three types of conduct relating to Inside Information: 

the direct or indirect acquisition or disposal of securities using Inside Information; 

the procurement of another person to acquire or dispose of securities using Inside Information; 
and  

communication of Inside Information to another person for the purpose of the other person 
acquiring or disposing of securities. 
You must not, whether in your own capacity or as an agent for another, apply for, acquire or dispose 
of, or enter into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of, any securities, or procure another 
person to do so if you: 
(a) 
possess Inside Information; and  
(b) 
know or ought reasonably to know, that: 
(i) 
the information is not generally available; and 
(ii) 
if it were generally available, it might have a material effect on the price or value of the 
securities or influence a person's decision to buy or sell the securities.    
Further, you must not either directly or indirectly pass on this kind of information to another person if 
they know, or ought reasonably to know, that this other person is likely to apply for, acquire or dispose 
of the securities or procure another person to do so.   
4.4 
Consequences of insider trading 
Engaging in “insider trading” (as summarised in section 4.3), can subject you to criminal liability, 
including substantial monetary fines and/or imprisonment.  You may also be subject to civil liability, 
which may include being sued by another party or the Company, for any loss suffered as a result of 
insider trading.  Insider trading is prohibited at all times. 
5 
Blackout periods 
In addition to the prohibitions on insider trading set out in the Corporations Act, Restricted Persons 
must not trade in Company Securities in the period between the close of books and 24 hours 
immediately following the release of the Company's half year and annual financial accounts 
(Blackout Periods), unless the circumstances are exceptional and the procedure for prior written 
clearance described in section 7 has been met. In relation to the half year accounts, the close of 
books date is 31 December and in relation to the annual financial accounts, the close of books date is 
30 June. 
In addition to the prohibitions on insider trading set out in the Corporations Act, Restricted Persons 
must not trade in Company Securities within any period imposed by the Board from time to time, for 
example because the Company is considering matters that would require disclosure to the market but 
for Listing Rule 3.1A (Additional Period), unless the circumstances are exceptional and the 
procedure for prior written clearance described in section 7 has been met.  This prohibition is in 
addition to the Blackout Periods. The Blackout Periods and the Additional Period are together referred 
to as a Prohibited Period in this policy.  Restricted Persons must not disclose to anyone that an 
Additional Period is in effect.   
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading Policy 
© Gilbert + Tobin 2015 
Please note that even if it is outside a Prohibited Period, Restricted Persons must not trade in the 
Company's Securities if they are in possession of Inside Information.   
6 
Exceptional circumstances when trading may be permitted 
subject to prior written clearance 
A Restricted Person, who is not in possession of Inside Information, may be given prior written 
clearance to trade in Company Securities during a Prohibited Period in accordance with the 
procedure described in section 7, in the following exceptional circumstances: 
(a) 
if the Approving Officer is satisfied that the person seeking the clearance does not possess 
unpublished price sensitive information about the Company and where the person is in severe 
financial hardship;  
(b) 
if the Approving Officer is satisfied that the person seeking the clearance does not possess 
unpublished price sensitive information about the Company and where there are other 
circumstances deemed to be exceptional by the person granting the prior written clearance; or  
(c) 
where the person in question is required by a court order or a court enforceable undertaking to 
transfer or sell, or accept a transfer of, the Company Securities or there is some other 
overriding legal or regulatory requirement for him or her to do so.   
The determination of whether a person is in severe financial hardship or whether there are other 
exceptional circumstances can only be made by the relevant Approving Officer in accordance with the 
procedure for obtaining clearance prior to trading set out in section 7.  A person may be in severe 
financial hardship if he or she has a pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise 
than by selling the relevant Company Securities.  A tax liability would not normally constitute severe 
financial hardship unless the person has no other means of satisfying the liability.   
7 
Procedure for obtaining written clearance prior to trading 
Restricted Persons must not trade in Company Securities at any time, including in the exceptional 
circumstances referred to in section 6, unless the Restricted Person first obtains prior written 
clearance from: 
(a) 
in the case of employees, the Managing Director or in his absence, the Company Secretary; 
(b) 
in the case of a director or officer, the Chair or in his absence, the Managing Director; 
(c) 
in case of the Managing Director, the Chair or, in his absence, the Chair of the Audit and Risk 
Committee; or 
(d) 
in the case of the Chair, the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee, 
(each, an Approving Officer). 
A request for prior written clearance under this policy should be made in writing using the form 
attached to this policy entitled 'Request for Prior Written Clearance to Trade in Company Securities' 
and given to the Approving Officer.  The request may be submitted in person, by mail, by email or by 
facsimile. 
Any written clearance granted under this policy will be valid for the period of 5 business days from the 
time which it is given or such other period as may be determined by the Approving Officer, and may 
be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a change in circumstances.  The expiry time 
of the clearance will be stated in the clearance granted.  Written clearance under this policy may be 
given in person, by mail, by email or by facsimile.  Any clearance to trade can be given or refused by 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading Policy 
© Gilbert + Tobin 2015 
the Approving Officer in its discretion, without giving any reasons.  The Approving Officer’s decision to 
refuse clearance is final and binding on the person seeking the clearance.  If clearance to trade is 
refused, the person seeking the clearance must keep that information confidential and not disclose it 
to anyone. 
8 
What trading is not subject to this policy? 
The following trading by Restricted Persons is excluded from the restrictions outlined in section 5, but 
is subject to the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act summarised in section 4 of this 
policy:  
(a) 
transfers of Company Securities between a Restricted Person and their spouse, civil partner, 
child, step-child, family company, family trust or other close family member or of Company 
Securities already held into a superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which the 
Restricted Person is a beneficiary;  
(b) 
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in Company Securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at 
the discretion of a third party; 
(c) 
where a Restricted Person is a trustee, trading in the Company Securities by that trust provided 
that the Restricted Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a 
Prohibited Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers independently 
of the Restricted Person; 
(d) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
(e) 
a disposal of Company Securities arising from a scheme of arrangement; 
(f) 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders such as, a rights 
issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an equal 
access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer has been 
approved by the Board.  This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the 
entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of 
entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
(g) 
a disposal of Company Securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, 
for example, under a margin lending arrangement.  Please note section 11 of this policy; 
Restricted Persons must not enter into margin loan agreements or other secured lending 
arrangements in relation to Company Securities without first obtaining prior written clearance 
from the appropriate Approving Officer in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7; 
(h) 
trading under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior written clearance has been 
provided in accordance with procedures set out in this Policy and where: (a) the Restricted 
Person did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a Prohibited Period; and (b) the 
trading plan does not permit the Restricted Person to exercise any influence or discretion over 
how, when, or whether to trade; 
(i) 
an acquisition, or agreement to acquire, Company Securities under an employee incentive 
scheme;  
(j) 
the exercise or automatic conversion of Company Securities giving a right to conversion to 
shares, issued under an employee incentive scheme (but not the sale of Company Securities 
following exercise or conversion); 
(k) 
the acquisition of shares by conversion of Company Securities giving a right to conversion to 
shares (but not the sale of Company Securities following exercise or conversion). 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading Policy 
© Gilbert + Tobin 2015 
9 
Hedging transactions 
Restricted Persons must not enter into transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the 
economic risk of their security holding in the Company without first obtaining prior written clearance 
from the appropriate Approving Officer in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7. 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from entering into transactions or arrangements which limit the 
economic risk of participating in unvested entitlements under any equity based remuneration 
schemes. 
10 Long term trading 
The Company wishes to encourage Restricted Persons to adopt a long term attitude to investment in 
Company Securities.  Therefore, Restricted Persons must not engage in short term or speculative 
trading of Company Securities.   
11 Margin loans and other secured lending 
Restricted Persons must not enter into margin loan agreements or other secured lending 
arrangements in relation to Company Securities without first obtaining prior written clearance from the 
appropriate Approving Officer in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7.  
12 Non-discretionary trading plans 
Restricted Persons must not put in place a non-discretionary trading plan in respect of Company 
Securities without first obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate Approving Officer in 
accordance with the procedure set out in section 7.  Restricted Persons must not cancel any such 
trading plan during a Prohibited Period, unless the circumstances are exceptional and the procedure 
for prior written clearance set out in section 7 has been met.  
13 Director notification requirements 
Directors of the Company or its subsidiaries  must disclose details of changes in securities of the 
Company they hold (directly or indirectly) to the Company Secretary as soon as reasonably possible 
after the date of the contract to buy and sell the securities (Contract D a t e ) but in any event: 
(a) 
no later than 3 business days after the Contract Date; or 
(b) 
if they begin to have or cease to have a substantial shareholding or there is a change in their 
substantial holding, the business day after the Contract Date. 
Directors are referred to the Company's Director's Disclosure Obligations document and Director's 
Declaration of Interest Form. The Company Secretary is to maintain a register of notifications and 
acknowledgements given in relation to trading in the Company’s securities.   The Company Secretary 
must report all notifications of dealings in the Company's securities to the next Board meeting of the 
Company. 
Directors  are  reminded  that  if  the  Company  fails  to  notify  ASX  then  it  is  their obligation under 
section 205G of the Corporations Act to notify the market operator within 14 days after any change in 
a director's interest. 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading Policy 
© Gilbert + Tobin 2015 
14 Register of clearances 
The Company Secretary must maintain a register of clearances given in relation to trading in 
Company Securities.   
The Company Secretary must report all notifications of trading in, and clearances given, in relation to 
trading in Company Securities to the next Board meeting of the Company. 
15 Consequences of breach 
Breach of the insider trading prohibition could expose you to criminal and civil liability.  Breach of this 
policy (irrespective of whether the insider trading prohibition or any other law is breached) will also be 
regarded by the Group as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action and/or dismissal. 
This policy does not contain an exhaustive analysis of the restrictions imposed on, and the very 
serious legal ramifications of, insider trading.  Restricted Persons who wish to obtain further advice in 
this matter, are encouraged to contact the Company Secretary. 
16 ASX Listing Rule requirements 
It is a requirement for admission to the official list of ASX, and an on-going requirement for listing, that 
the Company has a securities trading policy. 
The Company will give a copy of this policy to ASX for release to the market.  The Company will also 
give any amended version of this policy to ASX when it makes a change to: the periods within which 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from trading in Company Securities; the trading that is excluded 
from the operation of the policy; or the exceptional circumstances in which Restricted Persons may be 
permitted to trade during a Prohibited Period, within five business days of the amendments taking 
effect.  The Company will also give this policy to ASX immediately on request by ASX. 
Appendix 
Examples of information which, if made available to the market, may depending on the circumstances 
be likely to have a material effect on the price or value of Company Securities include, but are not 
limited to: 
(a) 
the financial performance of the Company; 
(b) 
entry into or termination of a material contract, such as a major supply contract or a joint 
venture; 
(c) 
a material acquisition or sale of assets by the Company; 
(d) 
an actual or proposed takeover or merger; 
(e) 
a material claim against the Company or other unexpected liability, for example the threat of 
material litigation against the Company; 
(f) 
any actual or proposed change to the Company’s capital structure for example, a share issue; 
and  
(g) 
a change in dividend policy. 
 
For personal use only
