 
 
 
 
Securities Trading 
Policy 
POL-GPG-GPG-016 
 
GenusPlus Group Limited (GPG) has adopted this Securities Trading Policy in order to comply with ASX 
Listing Rule 12.9. 
1. Purpose and application of this policy  
a. 
The Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) prohibits the trading in shares, options, 
debentures (including convertible notes) and other securities (securities) of a company by any 
person who is in possession of price sensitive information regarding that company that is not 
generally available.  The Corporations Act: 
i. imposes substantial penalties on persons who breach those provisions; and  
ii. applies to the extent of any inconsistency between it and this policy.  
b. For the purposes of this policy: 
i. GPG Person means all directors and senior management including each director of GPG, the 
Managing Director, the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Company Secretary 
of GPG, Key Management Personnel (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and any 
other person designated as an GPG Person by the board of directors (Board) in writing; and  
ii. also includes:  
a. a company or trust controlled by any of the persons referred to in clause 1(b)(i) above; 
and 
b. for the purposes of clause 3 only, a spouse (including a de facto spouse), child (including 
a step-child or adopted child), a close relative, a person financially dependent on or acting 
in concert with any of the persons referred to in clause 1(b)(i) above.   
c. employees who work closely with senior management; and/or who work in finance, 
strategy, business development, estimating or IT departments, or anyone who may have 
access to sensitive emails/documents; and any other employees who may come into 
possession of market sensitive information before the market becomes aware of such 
information. 
c. This policy regulates dealings by directors and certain officers of GPG and other designated 
persons, in securities in GPG or any other entity about which they acquire Inside Information 
through their position or dealings with GPG. 
d. The purpose of this policy is not only to minimise the risk of insider trading, but also to avoid the 
appearance of insider trading and the significant reputational damage associated with the 
perception of insider trading.  
e. This policy is not designed to prohibit GPG Persons from investing in GPG securities but does 
recognise that there may be times when directors, officers or certain employees cannot or should 
not invest in GPG securities.  
 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading 
 
Policy 
 
 
Doc ID: POL-GPG-GPG-016 
Rev: 0 | Date: 14/10/2020 
Doc Owner: Board of Directors 
 
Page 2 of 7
 
 
2. Insider trading 
2.1 General prohibition on Insider Trading 
a. No GPG Person may, while in possession of Inside Information (defined in clause 2.2(a) 
concerning GPG, in breach of the Corporations Act:  
i. buy, sell, or deal in any GPG securities at any time;  
ii. procure another person to deal in GPG’s securities in any way; or  
iii. pass on any Inside Information to another person for that person’s own personal gain by 
dealing in GPG securities in any way (Insider Trading). 
c. All GPG Persons are prohibited from dealing in the securities of outside companies about 
which they acquire Inside Information through their position with GPG. 
d. The requirements imposed by this policy are in addition to any legal prohibitions on Insider 
Trading.  Trading in GPG’s securities is prohibited at any time by a director or a GPG Person if 
that person possesses Inside Information, even where the trade occurs outside a Blackout 
Period; or the trade falls within an exclusion in this policy; or clearance has been given under 
this policy to trade (whether in exceptional circumstances or otherwise). 
2.2  Inside Information 
a. A GPG Person is responsible for assessing whether they possess “Inside Information”. This 
occurs where: 
i. the person possesses information that is not generally available to the public and, if the 
information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a 
material effect on the price or value of GPG securities (or a decision whether or not to 
trade in them); and 
ii. the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the information is not generally 
available and, if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have 
a material effect on the price or value of GPG securities. 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price 
or value of securities if the information would, or would be likely to, influence a person who 
commonly invests in securities to either deal or not deal in securities in any way.  Inside 
Information in relation to the securities of outside companies has the same meaning for the 
purposes of this policy, except that references to “GPG securities” should be read as references 
to the securities of the outside company.  
3. Restrictions on trading in Blackout Periods 
3.1  Blackout Periods  
a. GPG Persons, subject to clauses 3.3 and 5, may not buy or sell GPG securities during a Blackout 
Period (defined below).  
b. Blackout Periods are times when GPG Persons must not deal in the GPG’s securities. 
The following are mandated Blackout Periods: 
i. from the close of the ASX trading day on 30 June  each year, until 10:00am (Sydney time) on 
the ASX trading day following the day on which GPG’s full year results are released to the ASX; 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading 
 
Policy 
 
 
Doc ID: POL-GPG-GPG-016 
Rev: 0 | Date: 14/10/2020 
Doc Owner: Board of Directors 
 
Page 3 of 7
 
ii. from the close of the ASX trading day on 31 December  each year, until 10:00am (Sydney time) 
on the ASX trading day following the day on which GPG's half-yearly results are released to 
the ASX;  
iii. from the close of the ASX trading day two weeks prior to the date of GPG’s Annual General 
Meeting (AGM) until 10:00am (Sydney time) on the ASX trading day following the date of the 
AGM; and 
iv. any other period that the Board specifies from time to time. 
If 30 June or 31 December are not ASX trading days, then the Blackout Period begins on the 
preceding ASX trading day.  
During Blackout Periods GPG Persons must not deal in any of GPG’s financial products or 
securities, or in any securities related to them. 
3.2  Ad-hoc restrictions 
GPG may impose, without notice and in its sole and absolute discretion, additional restrictions on 
trading in GPG’s securities by any or all GPG Persons, and also by any other staff member(s) (who 
are not otherwise designated as “GPG Persons”) as GPG considers appropriate.  For the avoidance 
of doubt, GPG may impose ad-hoc restrictions under this clause 3.2 even where the proposed 
trade would otherwise take place outside a Blackout Period provided for in this policy.  Any 
restriction communicated by GPG to any or all GPG Persons (or other staff members) under this 
clause 3.2 must be kept strictly confidential.  
3.3  Notifications 
a. 
GPG Persons must:  
i. 
prior to dealing in GPG securities outside a Blackout Period or where clause 4 requires the 
person to obtain a consent under clause 3.3, notify the relevant person in clause 3.3(c) 
(the Authorising Officer) of their proposed dealing and obtain consent from the 
Authorising Officer; and  
ii. 
confirm that they are not in possession of any Inside Information; and 
iii. 
after dealing with the GPG securities, provide the Authorising Officer with a transaction 
confirmation; and  
iv. 
notify the Authorising Officer if they begin to have, or cease to have, a “substantial 
holding” (as defined in section 9 of the Corporations Act) in GPG, or if they have a 
substantial holding in GPG and there is a movement of at least 1% in their holding. 
b. For the avoidance of doubt, the GPG Person seeking authorisation cannot be their own 
Authorising Officer. 
c. 
Authorising Officer  
GPG Person seeking 
authorisation 
Authorising Officer 
Chair of the Board 
The chair of Audit and Risk Committee or an Independent 
Director.   
Other directors, Company 
Secretary, and any other Key 
Management Personnel  
The chair of the Board or, in his/her absence the chair of the 
Audit and Risk Committee. 
. 
Any other GPG Person 
The Company Secretary or, in his/her absence, the Managing 
Director. 
 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading 
 
Policy 
 
 
Doc ID: POL-GPG-GPG-016 
Rev: 0 | Date: 14/10/2020 
Doc Owner: Board of Directors 
 
Page 4 of 7
 
3.4  Exceptional circumstances 
a. In exceptional circumstances the Authorising Officer has discretion to approve dealings in GPG 
securities during a Blackout Period, or other dealings that would otherwise be prohibited by 
this policy.  
b. Any approval given under this clause 3.4, must be provided by electronic delivery via email.  
The notification requirements still apply. 
c. What constitutes “exceptional circumstances” will be assessed on a case-by-case basis within 
the absolute discretion of the Authorising Officer, and may include, without limitation, severe 
financial hardship, or a requirement to comply with a court order or court enforceable 
undertaking.  
d. Any decision to grant or refuse to grant clearance to an GPG Person to trade in GPG’s securities 
by the Authorising Officer under this clause 3.4: 
I. 
may be made in the Authorising Officer’s absolute discretion, without giving any reasons;  
II. 
can be withdrawn (if clearance has been given) if new information comes to light or there 
is a change in circumstances;  
III. 
is final and binding on the GPG Person seeking clearance; and 
IV. 
must be kept strictly confidential by the GPG Person and not disclosed to any other 
person.  
e. In deciding whether to grant clearance to trade in GPG’s securities, the Authorising Officer will 
consider the need to minimise the risk of Insider Trading, and also to avoid the appearance of 
Insider Trading and the significant reputational damage that may cause. 
f. Any clearance to trade by the Authorising Officer under this clause 3.4 is not an endorsement 
to trade.  The GPG Person doing the trading is individually responsible for their investment 
decisions and their compliance with insider trading laws.  The GPG Person must carefully 
consider whether they are in possession of any Inside Information that might preclude them 
from trading at that time. If the GPG Person is in any doubt, they should not trade.  
g. If an GPG Person comes into possession of Inside Information after receiving a clearance to 
trade, they must not trade despite having received the clearance. 
3.5  Company secretary to maintain records 
The Company Secretary will maintain a copy of: 
a. all requests for an approval to deal in GPG’ securities submitted by an GPG Person; and 
b. details of all dealings in GPG’ securities made by an GPG Person. 
4. Other restrictions  
4.1  No speculative trading 
Under no circumstances should GPG Persons engage in short-term or speculative trading in GPG 
securities.  This prohibition includes short term direct dealing in GPG securities as well as transactions 
in the derivative markets, involving exchange traded options, share warrants, contracts for difference, 
and other similar instruments, which are short term or speculative.  
4.2  No protection arrangements 
The entering into of all types of “protection arrangements” for any GPG securities (or GPG products 
in the derivatives markets):  
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading 
 
Policy 
 
 
Doc ID: POL-GPG-GPG-016 
Rev: 0 | Date: 14/10/2020 
Doc Owner: Board of Directors 
 
Page 5 of 7
 
a. is prohibited at any time in respect of any GPG securities which are unvested or subject to a 
holding lock; and 
b. otherwise, requires consent under clause 3.3.  
For the avoidance of doubt and without limiting the generality of this policy, entering into protection 
arrangements includes entering into transactions which: 
a. 
amount to “short selling” of securities beyond the GPG Person’s holding of securities; 
b. operate to limit the economic risk of any GPG Person’s security holding (e.g. hedging 
arrangements) including GPG’s securities held beneficially (for example, in trust or under an 
incentive plan) on that GPG Person’s behalf; or 
c. 
otherwise enable an GPG Person to profit from a decrease in the market price of securities. 
4.3  No granting of security over GPG’s securities or entering into margin lending 
arrangements 
a. 
GPG Persons may not at any time, directly or indirectly, grant any form of security (whether 
by way of charge, mortgage, pledge or otherwise) over any GPG securities which are unvested 
or subject to a holding lock, to secure any obligation of that GPG Person or any third party or 
enter into any margin lending arrangement involving GPG securities. 
b. Unless clause 4.3(a) applies, GPG Persons may, directly or indirectly, grant any form of security 
(whether by way of charge, mortgage, pledge or otherwise) over any of GPG’s securities, to 
secure any obligation of that GPG Person or any third party or enter into any margin lending 
arrangement involving GPG securities, with consent under clause 3.3. 
4.4  Trading in outside companies 
GPG Persons must not trade in the securities or financial products of outside companies where they 
are in possession of Inside Information of that outside company.  
 
5. Exemptions  
a. GPG Persons may at any time: 
i. 
trade in GPG’s securities where the trading does not result in a change of beneficial 
interest in the securities; 
ii. 
acquire securities under any director or employee security plan or through the exercise 
of options or performance rights under an option or performance rights plan or acquire, 
or agree to acquire, options or performance rights under an option or performance rights 
plan. However, any dealing in those securities remains subject to this policy and the 
provisions of the Corporations Act; 
iii. 
transfer GPG securities already held into a self-managed superannuation fund or other 
saving scheme in which the restricted person is a beneficiary; 
iv. 
acquire GPG’s ordinary shares by conversion of securities giving a right of conversion to 
GPG’s ordinary shares; 
v. 
acquire GPG’s securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of securities of the same 
class; 
vi. 
undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer; 
vii. 
invest in, or trade in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only investing 
in the securities of GPG) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at 
the discretion of a third party; 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading 
 
Policy 
 
 
Doc ID: POL-GPG-GPG-016 
Rev: 0 | Date: 14/10/2020 
Doc Owner: Board of Directors 
 
Page 6 of 7
 
viii. 
dispose of GPG securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights 
under a loan or security agreement; 
ix. 
where a restricted person is a trustee, trade in the securities managed by that trust 
provided the restricted person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade 
during a prohibited period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers 
independently of the restricted person; 
x. 
trade under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, such as, a 
rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan or an 
equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the 
offer has been approved by the Board.  This includes deciding whether or not to take up 
the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the 
balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue. 
b. If an GPG Person undertakes any of the actions described in paragraph 5(a), that GPG Person 
must advise the relevant Authorising Officer (as set out in clause 3.3(c)). 
6. ASX Notifications  
a. GPG must notify ASX within 5 business days after any change to a director’s relevant interest 
in GPG’s securities or a related body corporate of GPG, including whether the change occurred 
inside a Blackout Period and, if so, whether prior written clearance was provided. 
b. To enable GPG to comply with the obligation set out in clause 6(a), a director must 
immediately (and no later than 3 business days after any relevant event) notify the Company 
Secretary in writing of the requisite information for the Company Secretary to make the 
necessary notifications to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and ASX as 
required under the Corporations Act and ASX Listing Rules.  
c. If GPG makes a material change to this trading policy, the amended trading policy will be 
provided to the ASX for release to the market within 5 business days of the material changes 
taking effect.   
7. General 
a. A breach of this policy will be regarded as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary 
action, up to and including dismissal. 
b. This policy will be made available on GPG’s website.  
c. If you require any further information or assistance or are uncertain about the application of 
the law or this trading policy in any situation, please contact the Company Secretary. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading 
 
Policy 
 
 
Doc ID: POL-GPG-GPG-016 
Rev: 0 | Date: 14/10/2020 
Doc Owner: Board of Directors 
 
Page 7 of 7
 
8. Document Information  
Company Details 
GenusPlus Group Limited 
ACN 620 283 561 
Adopted and approved by the Board of Directors on 14 October 2020  
 
 
Document History: 
Rev 
Date 
Author 
Approver Details of Amendment 
0 
14/10/2020 
DW 
BoD 
issued for use 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Definitions & Abbreviations: 
Term 
Definition 
ASX 
Australian Securities Exchange (ASX Limited) 
BoD 
Board of Directors 
GPG 
GenusPlus Group Pty Ltd 
 
For personal use only
