 
Growthpoint Properties Australia Trust ARSN 120 121 002  
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited ABN 33 124 093 901 AFSL 316409 
 
 
27 June 2022 
 
Growthpoint Properties Australia Updated Securities Trading Policy 
Please find attached a copy of the updated Securities Trading Policy lodged with the ASX in accordance with ASX 
Listing Rule 12.10. A copy of the Securities Trading Policy is available on the corporate governance section of 
Growthpoint’s website at https://growthpoint.com.au/corporate-governance. 
This announcement was authorised for release by Jacqueline Jovanovski, Company Secretary.  
 
 
 
 
For further information, please contact:  
 
Kirsty Collins 
Investor Relations and Communications Manager 
Telephone: +61 3 8681 2933 
 
Growthpoint Properties Australia 
Level 31, 35 Collins St, Melbourne, VIC 3000 
growthpoint.com.au  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About Growthpoint 
Growthpoint provides space for you and your business to thrive. For more than 12 years, we’ve been investing in high-quality 
industrial and office properties across Australia. Today, we own and manage 58 properties, valued at approximately $5.1 billion.1 
We actively manage our portfolio. We invest in our existing properties, ensuring they meet our tenants’ needs now and into the 
future. We are also focused on growing our property portfolio.   
We are committed to operating in a sustainable way and reducing our impact on the environment. We are targeting net zero by 
2025. 
Growthpoint is a real estate investment trust (REIT), listed on the ASX, and is part of the S&P/ASX 200. Moody’s has issued us 
with an investment-grade rating of Baa2 for domestic senior secured debt. 
 
 
 
1 Valuations as at 31 December 2021. Includes acquisition of 141 Camberwell Road, Hawthorn East, Victoria which settled in February 2022. 
Excludes GSO Dandenong, 165-169 Thomas Street Dandenong, Victoria which the Group exchanged contracts to purchase in May 2022 (and 
which has not yet settled). 
 
For personal use only

 
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited –– Securities Trading Policy 
Reviewed and approved by: Board of directors on 31 March 2016. Updated following Board approval on 22 June 2022. 
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited ACN 124 093 901  
being the responsible entity for the Growthpoint Properties Australia Trust ARSN 120 121 002 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
1. 
Introduction  
In this policy “Group” means Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited, Growthpoint Properties Australia 
Trust and their related bodies corporate (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) 
except for Growthpoint Properties Limited which has its own securities trading policy. 
This policy have been issued by the board of directors of Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited for 
itself and in its capacity as responsible entity of the Growthpoint Properties Australia Trust (Board) to 
ensure that officers, employees and certain agents and contractors do not breach the Corporations Act 
2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) “insider trading” provisions when trading in securities of listed entities in 
the Group (each, a security and collectively, the Group’s securities). 
The purpose of this policy is to:  
i) 
explain the type of conduct in relation to dealings in listed securities that is prohibited under the 
Corporations Act, which apply to all officers, employees and, in certain circumstances 
contractors and agents, of the Group; and  
ii) 
establish a best practice procedure relating to buying and selling listed securities that provides 
protection to the Group and its officers, employees, contractors and agents against the misuse 
of unpublished information which could materially affect the value of securities. 
The Group aims to achieve the highest possible standards of corporate conduct and governance. 
Accordingly, the Board considers that compliance with this policy is essential to ensure that the highest 
standards of conduct are being met by all officers, employees, contractors and agents. The Group also 
wishes to ensure that any perception that directors and employees are dealing in securities when they 
should not be, is avoided.  
Any non-compliance with this policy will be regarded as serious misconduct which may entitle entities 
within the Group to take corrective disciplinary action, including termination.  
For the purposes of this policy, Listing Rules means the listing rules of the Australian Securities 
Exchange (ASX) and a reference to “buy”, “buying”, “sell” or “selling” includes agreeing to do so.  
2. 
Guidelines for dealing in securities 
a) 
Persons to whom this policy applies  
This policy apply to:  
i) 
all officers of the Group;  
ii) 
all employees of the Group;  
iii) 
all contractors and agents of the Group to the extent they are in possession of price sensitive 
information relating to the Group which is not publicly available and such information is only 
available or known to that person by virtue of their engagement with or by the Group; and  
iv) 
in certain circumstances, their associates (as defined in the Corporations Act).  
In this policy, the persons listed above will be collectively referred to as Relevant Persons. 
For personal use only

 
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited –– Securities Trading Policy 
Reviewed and approved by: Board of directors on 31 March 2016. Updated following Board approval on 22 June 2022.  
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited ACN 124 093 901  
being the responsible entity for the Growthpoint Properties Australia Trust ARSN 120 121 002 
2 
b) 
Dealing  
i) 
Closed Periods  
In addition to compliance with clause 2)b)ii) of this policy, and subject to clause 2)b)vii) of this policy, all 
directors and employees of the Group must not deal in any Group securities during a “Closed Period”. A 
Closed Period is:  
1) the period from 1 July until 12 noon (AEST) on the next business day after the day on which the 
Group’s full-year results are released;  
2) the period from 1 January until 12 noon (AEST) on the next business day after the day on 
which the Group’s half-year results are released.  
ii) 
Authorisation required  
Subject to obtaining clearance under this clause b)ii), outside of a Closed Period, Relevant Persons will 
be permitted to buy and sell the Group’s securities listed on the ASX except where the Relevant Person 
is in possession of unpublished price sensitive information or where the Company has notified Relevant 
Persons that they may not buy and sell securities.  
All Relevant Persons must receive clearance for any proposed dealing in any of the Group’s securities 
listed on the ASX as follows:  
1) a director of the Group must inform and receive approval from the Chairman before 
undertaking a transaction;  
2) the Chairman must inform and obtain approval from the Board or the next most senior 
independent director before undertaking a transaction;  
3) employees of the Group must inform and receive approval from the Managing Director or 
Company Secretary before undertaking a transaction; and  
all other Relevant Persons must inform and receive approval from the Company Secretary or, in his 
absence, the Managing Director before undertaking a transaction.  
It is intended that a request for clearance will be answered within 1 business day. Clearances will be 
issued in written form and may be provided electronically by email and will specify the duration for 
dealing applicable to the clearance granted.  
iii) Notification to Company Secretary  
A Relevant Person must notify the Company Secretary:  
1) before, or immediately after, any buying or selling by them or, with the knowledge of the 
Relevant Person, by their associates (including their immediate family or any entity for which 
they control investment decisions), of Group securities at any time; and  
2) if the proposed trading referred to above does not occur.  
The notification must state that the proposed purchase or disposal of Group securities is not as a result 
of access to, or the receipt of, price sensitive information.  
A form for this purpose is available from the Company Secretary. The Company Secretary maintains a 
register of such notifications.  
iv) Short term dealing – buying and selling within 3 month period  
Relevant Persons may not deal in any of the Group’s securities on a short term or speculative trading 
basis, except in circumstances of special hardship and with clearance under clause b)ii). That is, 
Relevant Persons may not buy and sell securities within a 3 month period. In addition, Relevant 
Persons may not enter into any other short term dealings (for example, forward contracts) except with 
clearance under clause b)ii).  
For personal use only

 
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited –– Securities Trading Policy 
Reviewed and approved by: Board of directors on 31 March 2016. Updated following Board approval on 22 June 2022.  
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited ACN 124 093 901  
being the responsible entity for the Growthpoint Properties Australia Trust ARSN 120 121 002 
3 
v) 
Exceptional circumstances  
Relevant Persons may be given prior clearance to deal in any of the Group’s securities in cases of 
severe financial hardship or other exceptional circumstances. A person may be in severe financial 
hardship if he or she has a pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by 
selling the relevant group securities. By way of example, this could occur if there is some overriding 
legal or regulatory requirement affecting the Relevant Person such as a court order, enforceable 
undertaking or bona fide family settlement.  
The Relevant Person seeking clearance to trade under this clause b)v) must satisfy the designated 
officer under clause b)ii) that their circumstances are exceptional and that the proposed sale or disposal 
of the relevant securities is the only reasonable course of action available. 
vi) Employee, Executive and Director Security Plans  
While Relevant Persons remain employed by the Group, any dealings in the Group’s securities (eg., 
following cessation of restrictions over the securities) acquired under security plans operated by the 
Group must only occur in accordance with this policy. The participants in these plans:  
1) must ensure they comply with the insider trading prohibitions, summarised in section 3), at the 
time they elect to participate in any of the Group’s security plans; and  
2) must not enter into a transaction if the transaction effectively operates to hedge or limit the 
economic risk of securities allocated under the Group’s employee incentive plans during the 
period those securities remain unvested or subject to restrictions under the terms of the plan.  
vii) Rights offers  
If the Group makes a rights offer for Group securities:  
1) Relevant Persons can accept the rights offer during a Closed Period; and,  
2) if the rights offer is renounceable, Relevant Persons can deal in those rights during the period 
that trading in those rights is permitted (Rights Trading Period), even if all or part of the Rights 
Trading Period occurs during a Closed Period,  
but only if all of the following conditions are satisfied:  
3) the Relevant Person must ensure that they comply with the insider trading prohibitions, which 
are summarised in section 3, at the time that they accept the rights offer or deal in the rights;  
4) the acceptance of the rights offer and the dealing in the rights must not be during a period in 
respect of which the Company has notified Relevant Persons that they may not deal in the 
Group’s securities;  
5) the Relevant Person must receive clearance for the acceptance of the rights offer and for any 
proposed dealing in the rights in accordance with clause 2)b)ii); and  
6) the Relevant Person must notify the Company Secretary in respect of the acceptance or any 
dealing in accordance with clause 2)b)iii).  
viii) Using securities in the Group as collateral for margin lending  
1) Subject to (2) below, directors, officers and other “Key Management Personnel” (as defined in 
Australian Accounting Standard 124) of the Group are prohibited from using his or her holding 
in any of the Group’s securities as collateral for any margin lending.  
2) A Key Management Person with security over his or her holding in any of the Group’s securities 
in connection with margin lending which is in existence prior to 1 March 2016 will not be in 
breach of (1) above provided that: 
i. the Key Management Person notifies the Chairman of the Board, in writing, within five 
business days of becoming aware that his or her margin loan facility or agreement:  
a. 
is currently, or is reasonably expected to be, subject to a margin call or similar;  
For personal use only

 
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited –– Securities Trading Policy 
Reviewed and approved by: Board of directors on 31 March 2016. Updated following Board approval on 22 June 2022.  
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited ACN 124 093 901  
being the responsible entity for the Growthpoint Properties Australia Trust ARSN 120 121 002 
4 
b. 
is in material breach (being a breach which gives a lender or other mortgage, charge or 
security holder the right to sell or otherwise dispose of securities in the Group); or  
c. 
reaches 90% or above of any applicable loan-to-value ratio or other asset cover; and  
ii. following the occurrence of any event listed in (i) above, the Key Management Person: 
a. 
notifies the Chairman of the applicable lending covenants or similar; and 
b. 
signs an undertaking in favour of the Group to:  
i. reduce the loan below 90% of the loan-to-value ratio or other asset cover within 
one month of this occurring; and  
ii. remedy (if applicable) any actual or threatened breach of any loan covenants the 
earlier of: 
1. the date required by any loan or other secured facility or agreement; and 
2. one month after the Key Management Person being notified of the actual 
or potential breach. 
3. 
Dealing in securities  
a) 
Summary of prohibited conduct  
The Corporations Act prohibits ‘insider trading’.  
Under the Corporations Act, a person is prohibited from dealing in securities where:  
i) 
the person possesses information which is not generally available;  
ii) 
that information may have a material effect on the price of securities of the relevant entity; and  
iii) 
the person knows or ought reasonably to know that the information is not generally available 
and, if it were, it might have a material effect on the price of securities.  
In addition, a person with inside information must not procure another person to deal in the Group’s 
securities or communicate the information (directly or indirectly) to another person who the person 
believes may deal (or procure someone else to deal) in the Group’s securities.  
The key concepts are discussed in more detail in section 3)b).  
b) 
Relevant terms  
i) 
Securities  
The definition of ‘securities’ in the Corporations Act is very broad.  
Securities include:  
• 
ordinary shares;  
• 
preference shares;  
• 
interests in managed investment schemes (i.e. units in trusts);  
• 
options;  
• 
debentures; and  
• 
convertible notes.  
It also extends to things relating to securities issued by the Group (eg., warrants and other derivative 
products).  
For personal use only

 
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited –– Securities Trading Policy 
Reviewed and approved by: Board of directors on 31 March 2016. Updated following Board approval on 22 June 2022.  
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited ACN 124 093 901  
being the responsible entity for the Growthpoint Properties Australia Trust ARSN 120 121 002 
5 
ii) 
Dealing in securities  
Dealing in securities is a broad concept and covers more than simply buying or selling securities. It 
extends to exercising options over securities and entering agreements to buy or sell securities.  
That is, under this policy and the law, the prohibition on dealing means that Relevant Persons are not 
permitted to:  
• 
buy or sell; or 
• 
enter into an agreement to subscribe for, buy or sell securities,  
where they possess information that is not generally available and which a reasonable person would 
expect to have a material effect on the price or value of those securities.  
If a Relevant Person possesses price sensitive information that is not generally available, the Relevant 
Person is also prohibited from:  
• 
procuring any other person to deal in those securities; or  
• 
directly or indirectly communicating the information to another person who the Relevant Person 
believes is likely to deal in, or procure another person to deal in, those securities.  
‘Procuring’ means enticing, encouraging, persuading, causing or securing another person to do or not 
to do something. Procuring also includes inciting, inducing or encouraging an act or omission.  
For example, a Relevant Person cannot ask or encourage anyone, including family members, friends, 
associates or others, to deal in securities when the Relevant Person possesses price sensitive 
information, and Relevant Persons should not communicate price sensitive information.  
If a Relevant Person accidentally gives somebody ‘inside information’ when he or she should not have, 
the Relevant Person must immediately tell that person that it is ‘inside information’ and warn them 
against trading in the Group’s securities, getting others to trade in the Group’s securities, or 
communicating the information to others.  
Officers and employees will often be privy to price sensitive information that is not generally available. 
Accordingly, officers and employees should ensure that they do not deal in the Group’s securities when 
they or the Group possess ‘inside information’ (even during a period outside a Closed Period). Due to 
the small number of Group employees and the resultant possibility that all employees, not just 
management, may be in possession of inside information, this restriction applies to all Group 
employees.  
iii) Price sensitive or ‘Inside’ Information  
Information is ‘inside’ or ‘price sensitive’ if it is not generally available, but which, if it were generally 
available, a reasonable person would expect to have a material effect (upwards or downwards) on the 
price or value of a security.  
iv) Information that is generally available  
Information is ‘generally available’ if it:  
1) consists of readily observable matter;  
2) has been made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, bring it to the attention of 
persons who commonly invest in any of the classes of securities issued by the Group and since 
it was made known, a reasonable period for it to be disseminated among those persons has 
elapsed. That is, information will be ‘generally available’ if it has been released to the ASX or 
published in an annual report, or prospectus or similar document and a reasonable period of 
time has elapsed after the information has been disseminated in one of these ways; or  
3) consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information referred to in 
section 3)b)iv)(1) or information made known as mentioned in section 3)b)iv)(2), or both.  
For personal use only

 
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited –– Securities Trading Policy 
Reviewed and approved by: Board of directors on 31 March 2016. Updated following Board approval on 22 June 2022.  
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited ACN 124 093 901  
being the responsible entity for the Growthpoint Properties Australia Trust ARSN 120 121 002 
6 
v) 
Material effect on the price of securities  
Under the Corporations Act, information is likely to have a material effect on the price or value of 
securities of an entity if the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly 
invest in securities in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, buy or sell those securities.  
It is not possible to list all of the information that may be material. However, the following types of 
information would be likely to be considered to have a material effect on the price of the Group’s 
securities:  
• 
information regarding a material increase or decrease in the listed entity’s financial performance 
from previous results or forecasts, such as changes to profit results and distributions; 
• 
a proposed material business or asset acquisition or sale, merger or takeover;  
• 
the damage or destruction of a material operation of the Group;  
• 
proposed material legal proceedings to be initiated by or against entities within the Group;  
• 
regulatory action or investigations undertaken by a government authority;  
• 
likely or actual entry into or loss of a material contract;  
• 
changes to the Board of directors or significant changes in senior management;  
• 
the launch of a material new business; or  
• 
a proposal to undertake a new issue of securities or major change in financing.  
vi) Information  
For the purposes of the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act, ‘information’ is defined 
broadly and includes matters of supposition and other matters which are insufficiently definite to warrant 
being made known to the public. It also includes matters relating to the intentions, or likely intentions, of 
a person. 
c) 
Relationship to the continuous disclosure regime 
Under the Corporations Act and the Listing Rules, subject to a number of exceptions (see below), the 
relevant listed Group entity must immediately release to the ASX any information concerning the entity 
which may reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the price or value of the entity’s 
securities.  
As a result of the operation of the continuous disclosure regime, usually all material price sensitive 
information will be disclosed to the ASX in accordance with the Group’s obligations, and the information 
will then become generally available. However, there are limited circumstances in which disclosure is 
not required.  
Specifically, the Listing Rules do not require disclosure where:  
1) a reasonable person would not expect the information to be disclosed; and  
2) the information is confidential and the ASX has not formed the view that the information has 
ceased to be confidential; and  
3) one or more of the following applies:  
• 
it would be a breach of law to disclose the information;  
• 
the information concerns an incomplete proposal or negotiation;  
• 
the information comprises matters of supposition or is insufficiently definite to warrant 
disclosure (eg., the effect of an event on the Group has not yet been quantified);  
• 
the information is generated for internal management purposes of the entity (eg., internal 
management accounts or an internal management report); or  
For personal use only

 
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited –– Securities Trading Policy 
Reviewed and approved by: Board of directors on 31 March 2016. Updated following Board approval on 22 June 2022.  
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited ACN 124 093 901  
being the responsible entity for the Growthpoint Properties Australia Trust ARSN 120 121 002 
7 
• 
the information is a trade secret.  
Even if information does not need to be disclosed under the Listing Rules, it may be ‘inside information’ 
to which the prohibition on insider trading applies. If a person deals in the Group’s securities at a time 
when that person is aware of information which, but for a carve-out to the Listing Rules, would need to 
be disclosed to the market, that person will be in breach of the insider trading provisions. 
4. 
Dealing in securities not subject to the provisions of this policy  
a) 
Permitted dealings  
Subject to (b) below, the following dealings are not subject to the provisions of this policy:  
1) undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer;  
2) undertakings or elections to take up entitlements under a rights issue or other offer (including 
an offer of the Group’s securities in lieu of a cash dividend);  
3) the take up of entitlements under a rights issue or other offer (including an offer of the Group’s 
securities in lieu of a cash dividend);  
4) allowing entitlements to lapse under a rights issue or other offer (including an offer of the 
Group’s securities in lieu of a cash dividend, a security purchase plan or an equal access buy-
back);  
5) a dealing where the beneficial interest in the relevant security of the Group does not change;  
6) bona fide gifts by a third party to a Relevant Person;  
7) the cancellation or surrender of an option under an employees’ share scheme;  
8) transfers of the Group’s securities by an independent trustee of an employees’ share scheme 
to a beneficiary who is not a Relevant Person;  
9) transfers of the Group’s securities already held into a superannuation fund or other saving 
scheme in which the Relevant Person is a beneficiary;  
10) where a Relevant Person is a trustee, trading in the Group’s securities by that trust provided 
the Relevant Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade is taken by the 
other trustees or by the investment managers independently of the Relevant Person; and 
11) acquisition of Group securities under an employee, executive or director incentive scheme. 
However, where securities in the Group cease to be held under the terms of the employee, 
executive or director incentive scheme, any dealings in those securities must only occur in 
accordance with this Policy. 
b) 
Persons should satisfy themselves about the law before dealing  
Notwithstanding a carve-out in section (a) above, any of the listed matters may be prohibited by law 
including the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act (refer to sections 3 and 5 of this policy 
for more details about insider trading). Any person considering dealing in any securities, including those 
of the Group, should ensure that they are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations before 
doing so.  
5. 
Securities in other companies  
The insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act may act to prohibit dealings in the Group’s 
securities and also in those of other listed companies with whom the Group may be dealing (including 
For personal use only

 
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited –– Securities Trading Policy 
Reviewed and approved by: Board of directors on 31 March 2016. Updated following Board approval on 22 June 2022.  
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited ACN 124 093 901  
being the responsible entity for the Growthpoint Properties Australia Trust ARSN 120 121 002 
8 
the Group’s customers, contractors or business partners) where an employee possesses ‘inside 
information’ in relation to that other entity.  
That is, if a Relevant Person is aware of information that is not generally available but which, if it were 
generally available, a reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on the price or value of 
a security, the Relevant Person should not deal in the securities of the companies that it affects.  
Relevant Persons may come into possession of ‘inside information’ where they are directly involved in 
client relationship management or negotiating contracts. For example, where the Relevant Person is 
aware that the Group is about to sign a major agreement with another entity, the Relevant Person 
should not buy securities in either the Group or the other entity.  
6. 
Register of dealings  
The Company Secretary will maintain a copy of:  
i) 
all requests for approval to deal in any of the Group’s securities submitted by any Relevant 
Persons; 
ii) 
all decisions relating to requests; and 
iii) 
details of all dealings in any of the Group’s securities made by any Relevant Persons.  
7. 
Notification by directors  
Directors of the Group must immediately notify the Company Secretary if there is a change in their 
security interests to enable the relevant Group listed entity to comply with timeframes applying under 
the Listing Rules in notifying changes in directors’ security interests.  
8. 
Penalties  
A person who commits a breach of the insider trading provisions could be subject to criminal liability 
(substantial fines or imprisonment or both may be imposed) or civil liability (substantial pecuniary 
penalties can be imposed) under Australian law. In addition, a person who contravenes or is involved in 
a contravention of these provisions may be liable to compensate any person who suffers loss or 
damage because of the conduct.  
In the case of a body corporate, committing an offence under the insider trading provisions is also 
punishable by substantial fines under civil and criminal laws.  
In addition, disciplinary action may be taken against Relevant Persons for a breach of this policy.  
9. 
Defences  
The Corporations Act sets out several defences to conduct which would otherwise breach the insider 
trading prohibition.  
These defences are complex and, in general, will not apply to Relevant Persons. On this basis, 
Relevant Persons should not deal in the Group’s securities until they have received the required 
approval from the relevant individual specified in clause ii).  
Breaches of the insider trading laws have serious consequences for both the Relevant Person 
concerned and the Group. It may also give rise to adverse public scrutiny and media comment. It is 
therefore important that Relevant Persons adhere to this policy at all times.  
For personal use only

 
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited –– Securities Trading Policy 
Reviewed and approved by: Board of directors on 31 March 2016. Updated following Board approval on 22 June 2022.  
Growthpoint Properties Australia Limited ACN 124 093 901  
being the responsible entity for the Growthpoint Properties Australia Trust ARSN 120 121 002 
9 
10. Who to contact  
Any queries about this policy should be directed to the Company Secretary in the first instance. 
For personal use only
