GQG Partners 
ASX Announcement 
 24 August 2023
GQG Partners Inc. 
(ARBN 651 066 330) 
450 East Las Olas Boulevard 
Suite 750 
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 
USA 
UPDATED SECURITIES DEALING POLICY 
Pursuant to Listing Rule 12.10, the updated Securities Dealing Policy for GQG Partners Inc, which came into effect on 17 
August 2023 (AEST), is attached. 
AUTHORISATION 
Rick Sherley, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company, authorised this announcement being given to ASX. 
ABOUT GQG PARTNERS INC. 
GQG Partners Inc. is a global investment boutique headquartered in the United States that is focused on managing 
active equity portfolios. As at 31 July 2023, our group managed US$108.1 billion for investors that include many large 
pension funds, sovereign funds, wealth management firms and other financial institutions around the world. GQG is listed 
on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX Code: GQG). Further information can be obtained from 
www.gqgpartners.com. 
CONTACTS 
For investor and media enquiries: investors@gqgpartners.com
gqgpartners.com 
Page 1 of 1 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
GQG Partners Inc. 
Adopted by the Board on August 16, 2023 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
1 
What is this Policy about? 
 
 
It is unlawful under provisions of the Australian Corporations Act and Rule 10b-5 
promulgated under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and related 
insider trading statutes and regulations to deal in securities while in possession of "Inside 
Information". The purpose of this Policy is to: 
• 
ensure that public confidence is maintained in the reputation of the Company 
and its related bodies corporate (Group), directors and employees of the Group 
and in the trading of the Company’s securities; 
• 
outline the policy and procedures that apply to directors, employees and 
certain other personnel when dealing in the Company’s securities; and 
• 
recognise that some types of dealing in securities are prohibited by law and set 
out processes that are intended to assist in managing these prohibitions. 
The Company will take a substance over form approach and will have regard to the intent 
and spirit of this Policy when applying and enforcing it. 
In this Policy, a reference to "securities" means common stock and derivative securities 
such as put and call options and convertible debentures or preferred stock, as well as 
CHESS Depository Interests (CDIs) (as defined in the Listing Rules) and debt securities 
such as bonds and notes. In certain circumstances, GQG Personnel may be notified that 
other investments will be treated as “securities” under this Policy. 
 
 
2 
Who must comply with this Policy? 
 
 
This Policy applies to all Directors of the Company (Directors), Supervised Persons as 
defined in the GQG Partners LLC Code of Ethics (Code of Ethics), Group employees and 
other individuals designated by the Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) or General Counsel 
(collectively, “GQG Personnel” and individually, a “GQG Person”). 
GQG Personnel must also take steps in relation to dealings by their Connected 
Persons. See section 4.7 for further information in relation to Connected Persons. 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
page 3 
 
  
 
3 
Restrictions applying to all GQG Personnel  
 
 
3.1 
No dealing while in possession of Inside Information 
 
GQG Personnel must not deal in the Company’s securities if: 
• 
they are aware of Inside Information in relation to the Company; or 
• 
the Company has notified them that they must not deal in securities 
(either for a specified period, or until the Company gives further notice). 
Inside Information is information that: 
• 
is not generally available to the market (e.g. has not been lodged with the ASX); 
and 
• 
if it were generally available to the market, a reasonable person would expect it 
to have a material effect (upwards or downwards) on the price or value of a 
security. 
Inside Information may include matters of supposition, matters that are not yet certain 
and matters relating to a person’s intentions. 
GQG Personnel should refrain from trading unless they have complied with all 
requirements of this policy, including preclearance as set forth in Section 4. 
Section 6 contains further details regarding the scope of the insider trading laws. 
 
3.2 
The Front Page Test 
 
It is important that public confidence in the Group is maintained. It would be damaging to 
the Group’s reputation if the market or the general public perceived that GQG Personnel 
might be taking advantage of their position in the Group to make financial gains (by dealing 
in securities on the basis of Inside Information).  GQG Personnel should familiarize 
themselves with the Company’s Disclosure Policy, which details how the Company 
addresses its continuous disclosure obligations. 
As a guiding principle, GQG Personnel should ask themselves: 
If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to be 
taking advantage of my position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the 
transaction were reported on the front page of the newspaper? (The Front Page Test). 
If a GQG Person is unsure, he or she should consult the CCO. 
Where any approval is required for a dealing under this Policy, approval will not be 
granted where, in the judgment of the CCO, the dealing would not satisfy the Front Page 
Test. 
 
3.3 
No short-term or speculative dealing 
 
GQG Personnel must not deal in the Company’s securities on a short-term trading 
basis. Short-term trading includes buying and selling securities on market within a 3 
month period and entering into other short term dealings. 
GQG Personnel selling securities received in connection with the vesting of entitlements 
under a Company equity plan within 3 months of the vesting date is not a short-term 
dealing. 
GQG Personnel must not deal in the Company’s securities on a speculative basis, 
including short-selling. Short selling involves borrowing and selling securities in the hope 
that they can be bought back at a lower price in the future to close out the short position at 
a profit. 
GQG Personnel must not deal in derivatives linked to the value of the Company’s securities, 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
page 4 
 
  
unless issued as part of an employee compensation plan.  GQG Personnel are prohibited 
from indirectly arranging for the financial equivalent of short-term or speculative dealing that 
would otherwise be prohibited under this policy. 
 
3.4 
Hedging of Company securities 
 
GQG Personnel are prohibited from engaging in hedging, monetization transactions or 
similar arrangements involving Company securities.  Hedging includes entering into any 
arrangements that operate to limit the economic risk associated with holding the 
Company’s securities. 
 
3.5 
Dealing in other companies’ securities 
 
GQG Personnel may come into possession of Inside Information regarding another 
company. In accordance with Section II of the Code of Ethics, GQG Personnel must not 
trade while in possession of Inside Information. If an employee believes they are in 
possession of such Inside Information, they must contact the CCO or General Counsel 
immediately. 
 
 
4 
Additional restrictions  
 
 
4.1 
No dealing in blackout periods 
 
No GQG Personnel may deal in Company securities during any of the following blackout 
periods: 
• 
the period from the close of trading on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) 
on 24 December each year until the day following the announcement to ASX of 
the full-year results; 
• 
the period from the close of trading on the ASX on 23 June each year until the 
day following the announcement to ASX of the half-year results; and 
• 
any other period that the CCO, with consultation of the CEO and/or CFO as 
appropriate, specifies from time to time. 
 
4.2 
Exceptional circumstances 
 
If a GQG Person needs to deal in securities during a blackout period due to exceptional 
circumstances and is not in possession of any Inside Information, then, they may apply for 
approval to deal. The principles set out in section 4.4 will apply to any approvals sought 
under this section 4.2. Exceptional circumstances are likely to include severe financial 
hardship or compulsion by court order. 
Approval to deal will only be granted if such GQG Person’s application is accompanied 
by sufficient evidence (in the sole discretion of the person providing clearance in 
accordance with section 4.4) that the dealing is the most reasonable course of action 
available in the circumstances and will not violate applicable securities laws. 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this section 4.2 
must comply with the other sections of this Policy (to the extent applicable). 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
page 5 
 
  
 
4.3 
Approval required for dealing outside blackout periods 
 
(a) 
During any period that is not a trading blackout period under section 4.1, all 
GQG Personnel must, prior to any proposed dealing, seek approval for the 
proposed dealing in the Company’s securities. 
(b) 
There are certain times during the year when approval under this Policy is more 
likely to be granted. These are the 4 week periods immediately following: 
(1) 
the day after release of the Company’s full-year results; and 
(2) 
the day after release of the Company’s half-year results; 
GQG Personnel who wish to seek approval to trade under this Policy are 
encouraged to do so during these periods. Trading at any time (even if approval 
has been obtained under this Policy) remains subject to all applicable laws 
concerning insider trading, including the Australian Corporations Act. 
 
4.4 
Written request process 
 
(a) 
Requests for approval under sections 4.2, 4.3 and 4.5 should be submitted to 
the CCO or the CCO’s designee (through the Company’s trade pre-
clearance system for requests under Section 4.3 by those GQG Personnel 
using that system). The CCO or designee will seek the further approval of: 
(1) 
the CEO (in any case in the event of a request under section 4.2 and in 
the event of requests under sections 4.3 or 4.5, when requested by 
direct reports to the CEO or certain other senior executives specifically 
identified by the CCO from time to time); 
(2) 
the Chair of the Risk Committee (in the case of the CEO or other 
Directors); 
(3) 
the Chair of the Audit Committee (in the case of the Chair of the Risk 
Committee). 
(b) 
Except in the case of approvals requiring further approval under section 4.4(a), 
the CCO (or his/her designee) will make the approval determination with 
respect to each request. 
(c) 
A request for approval to deal will be answered as soon as practicable. The 
approver, having consulted with members of management as appropriate, may: 
(1) 
grant or refuse the request; 
(2) 
impose conditions on the dealing in their discretion. 
(d) 
The approver is not obliged to provide reasons for any aspect of their decision 
and may revoke their approval with respect to future transactions at any time by 
providing written notice to the person to whom approval was previously 
granted. If a request is not approved or an approval is revoked, that fact must 
be kept confidential. 
(e) 
Following receipt of approval to deal, the approved dealing must occur within 2 
business days following approval (or such other time specified in the approval), 
otherwise the approval is no longer effective and fresh approval must be 
sought.  
(f) 
The approval may specify that you cannot engage in the dealing for a period of 
time, including because Inside Information has or will be announced to the ASX 
and GQG wishes to give the market time to absorb and evaluate the Inside 
Information. In this case, the approval will generally not permit you to deal within 
24 hours of the announcement being given to the ASX.  
(g) 
Approval under this Policy is not an endorsement of the dealing. Personnel are 
responsible for their own compliance with the law. 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
page 6 
 
  
 
4.5 
Margin lending arrangements 
 
(a) 
Approval must be obtained in accordance with the procedure set out in section 
4.4 for any: 
(1) 
entering into a margin lending arrangement in respect of the 
Company’s securities; and 
(2) 
transferring securities in the Company into an existing margin loan 
account. 
(b) 
The Company may, at its discretion, make any approval granted in accordance 
with section 4.5(a) conditional upon such terms and conditions as the Company 
sees fit (for example, with regard to the circumstances in which the Company’s 
securities may be sold to satisfy a margin call). 
 
4.6 
Directors – confirmation of trade required 
 
Following any trade, Directors must promptly notify the CCO, in writing, ideally by close of 
business on the day the trade is entered into, and in any event within 2 business days, of 
the details of the trade. This is to assist the Company to comply with its disclosure 
obligations under the Listing Rules of the ASX. 
 
4.7 
Connected Persons 
 
GQG Personnel must take appropriate steps to ensure that their “Connected Persons” 
only deal in securities in circumstances where the GQG Person to whom they are 
connected would be permitted to deal under this Policy. For example, by obtaining 
clearance in accordance with this Policy in respect of the Connected Persons’ dealings. 
Connected Persons are those holding Covered Accounts, as defined in GQG’s Code of 
Ethics. The Code of Ethics defines a Covered Account to be any account which has the 
ability to purchase or sell covered securities as outlined in the Code in which a Supervised 
Person: (a) has a direct or indirect interest, including, without limitation, an account of an 
immediate family member living in the same household; (b) has direct or indirect control 
over purchase or sale of securities: 
 
 
5 
Excluded Dealings 
 
 
Sections 3.3, 4.1 and 4.3 of this Policy do not apply to: 
(a) 
participation in a Company equity plan operated by the Company, including the 
exercise of stock option awards and any “net settlement” transaction between 
the Company and a GQG Person. However, where securities in the Company 
granted under such an equity plan cease to be held under the terms of that 
plan, any dealings in those securities must only occur in accordance with this 
Policy. For the avoidance of doubt, any sales of Company securities into the 
public markets shall fall outside of the exclusion set forth in this section 5(a); 
(b) 
the following categories of trades: 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a dividend reinvestment 
plan; 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a security purchase plan 
available to all retail securityholders; 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a rights issue; and 
• 
the disposal of Company securities through the acceptance of a 
takeover offer, scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back; 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
page 7 
 
  
(c) 
dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the 
securities (for example, transfers of Company securities already held into a 
superannuation fund or trust of which the Employee is a beneficiary); 
 
(d) 
trading under a non-discretionary trading plan that is pre-approved by the 
CCO, where the Employee did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during 
a blackout period, the plan does not permit the Employee to exercise any 
influence or discretion in relation to trading under the plan and the plan cannot 
be cancelled during a blackout period, other than in exceptional circumstances; 
and 
(e) 
a disposal of securities of the Company that is the result of a secured lender 
exercising their rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement. 
However, given such dealings remain subject to the insider trading rules in the 
Australian Corporations Act and, as applicable, the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, GQG Personnel should still consider any legal or reputational issues 
(and discuss any concerns they have with the CCO) before proceeding with the dealing. 
 
 
6 
What are the rules about insider trading? 
 
 
Broadly speaking, the Australian Corporations Act provides that a person who has Inside 
Information about a company must not: 
(a) 
buy or sell securities in a company, or enter in an agreement to buy or sell 
securities, or exercise options over securities, or otherwise apply for, acquire or 
dispose of securities (deal); 
(b) 
encourage someone else to deal in securities in that company; or 
(c) 
directly or indirectly provide that information to another person where they 
know, or ought to know, that that person is likely to deal in securities or 
encourage someone else to deal in securities of that company (tipping). 
These restrictions apply to all securities, not just the Company’s securities. Note that the 
Australian Corporations Act prohibitions apply to conduct that occurs elsewhere in the 
world, not just conduct that occurs in Australia.  The United States and other jurisdictions 
have similar securities laws intended to prevent insider trading.  GQG Personnel are 
responsible for understanding and complying with all applicable securities laws governing 
their dealings. 
 
 
7 
What happens if this Policy is breached? 
 
 
Breaches of this Policy will be regarded by the Company as serious and will be subject to 
appropriate sanctions. Any person who breaches this Policy could face disciplinary action 
(including forfeiture of securities and/or suspension or termination of employment). 
Breaches of the insider trading laws have serious consequences for both the personnel 
concerned and the Company. Penalties under the law include financial penalties and 
imprisonment. 
 
 
8 
Individual Responsibility 
 
 
Each GQG Person is responsible for making sure that he or she complies with this 
Policy, and that any Connected Person also complies with this Policy. In all cases, the 
responsibility for determining whether an individual is in possession of material inside 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
page 8 
 
  
information rests with that individual, and any action on the part of the Company, the 
CCO (or his/her designee) or any other Company employee or service provider pursuant 
to this Policy (or otherwise) does not in any way constitute legal advice or insulate an 
individual from liability under applicable securities laws.  Trading in the Company’s 
securities during a trading window should not be considered a “safe harbor,” and all 
GQG Personnel should use good judgment at all times. 
 
9 
Who should I contact? 
 
 
GQG Personnel should contact the CCO if they are unsure about whether it is 
acceptable to deal or communicate with others in relation to the Company’s securities or 
other securities or if they have any other queries about this Policy. 
For personal use only
