 
 
GWA Internal Use Only
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 December 2024 
 
 
ASX Market Announcements 
 
 
 
 
Revised Share Trading Policy 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, please find attached the revised 
GWA Group Limited (GWA) Share Trading Policy, which was approved by the 
Board on 29 November 2024.   
 
The release of this announcement was authorised by GWA’s Company 
Secretary and General Counsel. 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
 
 
 
Ernie Lagis 
Company Secretary and General Counsel  
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
1. 
Purpose ....................................................................................... 3 
2. 
Scope .......................................................................................... 3 
3. 
Responsibility .............................................................................. 3 
4. 
Requirements .............................................................................. 3 
4.1. 
Trading in GWA Securities ..................................................... 3 
4.2. 
What is "Inside Information"? ................................................ 3 
4.3. 
What is "Insider Trading"? .................................................... 4 
4.4. 
General Prohibition on dealing in GWA’s securities while in 
possession of Inside Information ........................................... 4 
4.5. 
Additional Restrictions on Trading by Directors and Senior 
Executives .......................................................................... 5 
4.6. 
Trading Excluded from the Policy ........................................... 6 
4.7. 
Hedging Arrangements ......................................................... 7 
4.8. 
Margin Loans ...................................................................... 7 
4.9. 
Exceptional Circumstances Definition and Procedure ................. 7 
4.10. Trading in Securities of other Companies ................................ 7 
4.11. Notification ......................................................................... 8 
4.12. Duty of Confidentiality ......................................................... 8 
4.13. Breach of Policy ................................................................... 8 
5. 
Version History and Approvals  .................................................. 9 
 
Appendix ................................................................................... 10 
For personal use only

Page 3 of 10 Pages
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
 
 
 
1. 
Purpose 
The purpose of the policy is to prevent any incidence of “insider trading” in the 
securities of GWA Group Limited by directors, officers and employees (Company 
Personnel); and to protect the reputation of GWA Group Limited and its related 
companies (GWA) and Company Personnel. 
2. 
Scope 
This policy applies to all Company Personnel of GWA Group Limited and its related 
companies (GWA). 
3. 
Responsibility 
3.1 
The GWA Board of Directors has approved this policy. 
3.2 
It is the responsibility of Management to ensure this policy is implemented 
and communicated to all Company Personnel, as appropriate. 
3.3 
It is the responsibility of Company Personnel to comply with this policy. 
4. 
Requirements 
 
4.1 
Trading in GWA securities 
 
As GWA’s securities are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange 
(ASX), GWA has developed a policy to prevent any incidence of “insider 
trading” in GWA securities by Company Personnel. 
 
4.2 
What is “Inside Information”? 
 
“Inside Information” is information that: 
 
• 
is not generally available to the market; and 
• 
if it were generally available to the market, a reasonable person 
would expect it to have a material effect (upwards or downwards) on 
the price or value of a security.   
 
Inside Information may include matters of supposition, matters that are 
not yet certain and matters relating to a person’s intentions.   
 
Examples of the types of information that would be likely to have a 
material effect on a listed companies share price could include: 
 
• 
information regarding a material increase or decrease in a 
company’s financial performance from previous results or forecasts; 
• 
proposed material business or asset acquisition or sale; 
• 
proposed material legal proceedings to be initiated by or against 
a company; 
For personal use only

Page 4 of 10 Pages
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
 
 
 
• 
regulatory action or investigation undertaken against a company 
by a government authority; 
• 
senior management or board changes;  
• 
a proposed dividend. 
 
4.3 
What is “Insider Trading”? 
 
A person undertakes insider trading if that person trades in company 
securities while possessing information Inside Information in relation to 
the company or its securities.   
 
All Company Personnel are prohibited from insider trading.  The 
prohibition against insider trading applies to: 
 
(a) 
direct trading in company securities; 
(b) 
procuring another person to trade in company securities; and 
(c) 
communicating (tipping) Inside Information to another person who is 
likely to trade in company securities. 
 
Some examples of insider trading include: 
 
• 
trading in a company’s securities when in possession of Inside 
Information relating to a company’s results before the release of 
such financial results to the ASX; 
• 
trading in securities of a company with knowledge of an impending 
takeover offer not yet disclosed to the ASX; or 
• 
procuring others to trade in a company’s securities on your behalf 
based on your knowledge of price sensitive information not yet 
disclosed to the ASX. 
 
Insider trading is a criminal offence. It is punishable by substantial 
fines or imprisonment or both for persons engaged in insider trading.  Any 
Company Personnel who breach the insider trading rules are liable to have 
their services terminated. 
 
Insider trading may also attract civil penalties. A court may impose 
substantial pecuniary penalties on persons who engage in insider trading 
and order payment of compensation to persons (eg shareholders) who 
suffer loss or damage as a result of insider trading. 
 
4.4 
General Prohibition on dealing in GWA’s securities while in 
possession of Inside Information 
 
Company Personnel must not: 
 
(a) 
deal in GWA’s securities or procure another person to deal in GWA’s 
securities if they are aware of Inside Information; or 
(b) 
pass on Inside Information to others who may deal in GWA’s 
securities.   
 
For personal use only

Page 5 of 10 Pages
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
 
 
 
Dealing includes:  
 
• 
buying or otherwise applying for securities, whether on or off 
market; 
• 
selling or otherwise disposing of securities, whether on or off 
market; 
• 
exercising options over securities; 
• 
creating a hedge, security interest, margin loan or other financial 
interest over or in relation to securities; 
• 
issuing, underwriting or varying the terms of securities; 
• 
transferring legal ownership of securities, even where beneficial 
ownership does not change; 
• 
any other transfer or creation of an interest in securities, whether 
directly, or by arranging for someone else to undertake the dealing 
on your behalf; and 
• 
agreeing or applying to do any of the above. 
 
Securities includes:   
 
• 
shares; 
• 
options; 
• 
notes, bonds and other debentures; 
• 
interests in managed investment schemes, trusts and other financial 
products; and  
• 
any derivatives of those securities, including equity swaps, futures, 
hedges and exchange-traded or over-the-counter options, whether 
settled by cash or otherwise. 
 
This general prohibition overrides all other rules set out in this 
policy.  This prohibition applies regardless of how the individual learns the 
information (eg overhears it, or told in social setting). 
 
If you are in doubt at all as to whether any intended trading in GWA’s 
securities may breach the insider trading rules, you should discuss with 
the Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary before trading in those 
securities. 
 
As an additional prohibition, Company Personnel must not engage in 
any active short term trading in GWA’s securities. 
 
4.5 
Additional Restrictions on Trading by Directors and Executives 
 
4.5.1 Trading Period 
 
Without in any way limiting the prohibitions contained in section 4.4 
above, directors and executives are only permitted to trade in GWA’s 
securities, in the absence of agreement by the Board to the contrary, to 
those periods of 30 days (Window Period) after:  
 
For personal use only

Page 6 of 10 Pages
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
 
 
 
(a) 
each yearly and half yearly results announcement; and 
(b) 
the Annual General Meeting,  
 
provided always that they are not in possession of unpublished Inside 
Information.  Directors are required to notify the Chair of intended trading 
in GWA securities, by themselves or their associated parties, prior to such 
intended dealings.   
 
Outside of the Window Period (Closed Period), directors and executives 
may in certain circumstances, including Exceptional Circumstances (refer 
4.9 below), trade in GWA’s securities following written approval in 
accordance with this policy (refer 4.5.2 below).   
 
The Managing Director may determine from time to time other officers or 
employees to whom this section 4.5 applies. 
 
It must always be remembered that even when a trading window 
is open, directors and executives may not deal in GWA’s securities 
if they are in possession of Inside Information. 
 
4.5.2 Closed Period – Written Approval 
 
Prior to undertaking any trading during a Closed Period, a director or 
executive must obtain written approval as set out below: 
• 
A director of the Company must inform and secure written approval 
from the Chair prior to undertaking the trade; 
• 
The Chair must inform and secure written approval from the Deputy 
Chair prior to undertaking the trade; and 
• 
An executive must inform and secure written approval from the 
Managing Director prior to undertaking the trade, 
 
and confirmation of the approved trade must be given to the Company 
Secretary within 2 business days of the completion of the trade for 
directors and 5 business days for executives. 
 
4.6 
Trading Excluded from the Policy 
 
The issue of shares under the GWA share incentive schemes is not 
deemed to be a dealing in GWA’s securities. The subsequent sale of shares 
is, however, a dealing which is subject to this policy. 
 
Any securities trading which is not subject to this policy is permitted 
unless it breaches the insider trading rules.  Such excluded trading 
includes where the trading (a) results in no change in beneficial interest in 
the securities; (b) occurs via investments in a scheme or other 
arrangement where the investment decisions are exercised by a third 
party; (c) occurs when the director or executive has no control or 
influence with respect to trading decisions; or (d) occurs under an offer to 
all or most of the security holders of GWA.   
 
Appendix A provides examples of excluded trading. 
For personal use only

Page 7 of 10 Pages
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
4.7 
Hedging Arrangements 
 
Directors and executives must not enter into any hedging arrangements in 
relation to any unvested GWA securities which operate to limit the 
economic risk of any securities issued under the GWA share incentive 
schemes while those holdings are subject to performance hurdles or are 
otherwise unvested. Any sale, hedging arrangement or other trade 
involving those securities after they have vested must be done in 
compliance with this policy. 
 
4.8 
Margin Loans 
 
All directors and executives are prohibited from obtaining a margin loan 
using GWA securities (either solely or as part of a portfolio) as security for 
the loan or entering into any secured financing arrangement in respect of 
GWA securities.  For the avoidance of doubt, such dealings include: 
 
(a) 
entering into a margin lending arrangement in respect of GWA 
securities; 
(b) 
transferring GWA securities into an existing margin loan account; 
and 
(c) 
selling securities in the Company to satisfy a call pursuant to a 
margin loan. 
 
4.9 
Exceptional Circumstances Definition and Procedure 
 
Directors and executives must not deal in GWA’s securities during the 
Closed Period outlined in 4.5 above, unless exceptional circumstances 
exist. 
 
“Exceptional Circumstances” means severe financial hardship or other 
circumstances considered to be exceptional, including a court order or 
court enforceable undertakings in a bona fide family settlement to transfer 
GWA’s securities or some other overriding legal or regulatory requirement 
to transfer GWA’s securities. 
 
Exceptional circumstance dealings in a designated period are to be decided 
for directors (other than the Chair) by the Chair, for the Chair by the 
Deputy Chair and for executives by the Managing Director, in each case in 
their sole discretion and in each case notified to the Company Secretary. 
 
Any prior written clearance to trade in exceptional circumstances must 
specify the duration of such clearance and must be in writing (which 
includes email). 
 
4.10 
Trading in Securities of Other Companies 
 
In the course of performing your role, you may become aware of Inside 
Information regarding entities other than GWA (eg securities of acquisition 
targets, customers or suppliers).  The law is that Company Personnel must 
For personal use only

Page 8 of 10 Pages
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
 
 
 
not trade in securities of other companies if he or she possesses Inside 
Information or price sensitive information in relation to that other 
company.  This prohibition is also company policy. 
 
Some examples include, but are not limited to, where: 
 
• 
you become aware of an impending acquisition or takeover offer to 
be made by GWA for another company, you must not trade in the 
securities of either company; or 
• 
you are aware that GWA is about to sign a major agreement with 
another company that is likely to have an effect on the share price of 
either company, you must not trade in the securities of either 
company. 
 
Company Personnel should also be careful that third parties, including 
professional advisers, are subject to confidentiality obligations with 
respect to Inside Information. 
 
4.11 
Notification 
 
A director must notify the Company Secretary of any dealing in GWA’s 
securities within 2 business days of such dealing.  Such notification must 
include the following information: 
 
• 
the name of the director and the name (if applicable) of any 
associated party; 
• 
whether the relevant interest held by the director in GWA’s securities 
is or was a direct or indirect interest (and if it is or was an indirect 
interest, the circumstances giving rise to the relevant interest); 
• 
the nature of the dealing in GWA’s securities, including number of 
securities acquired and/or disposed; 
• 
the date of the dealing in GWA’s securities; 
• 
the consideration paid and/or received and if the consideration is 
non- cash, a description of the consideration provided, details and 
estimated value; and 
• 
the number and class of GWA’s securities held by the director before 
and after the dealing in GWA’s securities. 
 
The Company Secretary will, upon receipt of a notification from any 
director, complete and lodge a notice in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 
3.19A and provide a copy to the relevant director. 
 
It is important that the 2 business day notification period is 
strictly complied with as significant penalties may apply to late 
notification to the ASX of trades by directors and their associated 
parties. 
 
4.12 
Duty of Confidentiality 
 
Company Personnel have a duty of confidentiality to GWA in relation to 
For personal use only

Page 9 of 10 Pages
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
 
 
 
any confidential information they possess in the course of performing their 
duties, in addition to obligations under the law in relation to Inside 
Information. 
 
4.13 
Breach of the Policy 
 
Strict compliance with the GWA Share Trading Policy is a condition of 
employment.  Breaches of the policy will be subject to disciplinary action, 
which may include termination of employment. 
 
In making decisions under this policy, reference may be made to any 
guidance notice issued by the ASX. 
 
GWA may change, replace or withdraw this policy at any time, both on an 
individual and collective basis. 
 
For further information on the GWA Share Trading Policy, please contact 
the Company Secretary. 
5. 
Version History and Approvals  
 
Version 
No. 
Created/Updated by: 
Approved by: 
1. 
Executive Director 
Board, February 2005 
2. 
Executive Director 
Board, February 2012  
3 
Company Secretary  
Board, November 2024 
 
For personal use only

Page 10 of 10 Pages
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
 
 
 
Appendix A 
 
Some examples of trading excluded from this policy are: 
(a) 
transfers of GWA’s securities already held into a superannuation fund or other saving 
scheme in which the director or executive is a beneficiary; 
(b) 
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme 
only investing in GWA’s securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are 
invested at the discretion of a third party; 
 
(c) 
where a director or executive is a trustee, trading in GWA’s securities by that trust 
provided the director or executive is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to 
trade during a designated period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment 
managers independently of the director or executive; 
 
(d) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
 
(e) 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of GWA’s security holders, such 
as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan 
and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure 
of the offer has been approved by the Board. This includes decisions relating to whether 
or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the 
take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
(f) 
a disposal of GWA’s securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, 
for example, under a margin lending arrangement; and 
(g) 
trading under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior written clearance 
has been provided and where: 
(i) 
the director or executive did not enter into the plan or amend the plan 
during a designated period; 
(ii) 
the trading plan does not permit the director or executive to exercise 
any influence or discretion over how, when or whether to trade; and 
(iii) 
there is no cancellation of the trading plan during a designated period 
other than in exceptional circumstances. 
Such dealings remain subject to the insider trading rules and Company Personnel should 
still consider any legal or reputational issues (and discuss any concerns they have with 
the Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary) before proceeding with the dealing. 
For personal use only
