 
Hot Chili_ Securities Dealing Policy.DOC 
HOT CHILI LIMITED 
ACN 130 955 725 
 
SECURITIES DEALING POLICY 
As approved by the Board of Directors on 30th December 2010 
 
Preamble 
1. 
This Securities Dealing Policy (Policy) outlines the circumstances in which the 
Designated Persons may deal in Company Securities. 
Scope of this Policy 
2. 
This Policy applies to all directors, executives and employees (together, Designated 
Persons) of Hot Chili Limited (Company) and its subsidiaries. 
3. 
In this Policy, "Company Securities" includes: 
(a) 
any shares in the Company,  
(b) 
any other securities issued by the Company such as debentures and 
options; and 
(c) 
derivatives and other financial products issued by third parties in relation to 
the Company's shares, debentures and options. 
4. 
In this Policy to "deal" in Company Securities includes: 
(a) 
subscribing for, purchasing or selling Company Securities or entering into 
an agreement to do any of those things;  
(b) 
advising, procuring or encouraging another person (including a family 
member, friend, associate, colleague, family company or family trust) to 
trade in  Company Securities; and 
(c) 
entering into agreements or transactions which operate to limit the 
economic risk of a person's holdings in Company Securities; and 
5. 
In this Policy “Key Management Personnel” means a director, executive or senior 
manager of the Company, or such other person who is “key management 
personnel” within the meaning of Accounting Standard AASB 124. 
Purpose of the Policy 
6. 
This Policy sets out the circumstances in which the Designated Persons may deal in 
Company Securities with the objective that no Designated Person will contravene 
the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act). 
7. 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
(a) 
ensure that the Designated Persons adhere to high ethical and legal 
standards in relation to their personal investment in Company Securities;  
(b) 
ensure that the personal investments of the Designated Persons do not 
conflict with the interests of the Company and those of other holders of 
Company Securities; 
(c) 
preserve market confidence in the integrity of dealings in Company 
Securities; and 
For personal use only

 
(d) 
ensure the reputation of the Company is maintained. 
8. 
This Policy is not designed to prohibit the Designated Persons from investing in 
Company Securities but does recognise that there may be times when Designated 
Persons cannot or should not invest in Company Securities.  This Policy provides 
guidance to Designated Persons as to the times when Designated Persons may 
deal in Company Securities.   
Outline of Corporations Act requirements 
9. 
A person is in possession of "inside information" in relation to the Company in 
circumstances where: 
(a) 
the person possesses information that is not generally available and, if the 
information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it 
to have a material effect on the price or value of  Company Securities; and 
(b) 
the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the information is not 
generally available and, if it were generally available, a reasonable person 
would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of Company 
Securities.  
10. 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect 
on the price or value of Company Securities if the information would, or would be 
likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or 
not to deal in Company Securities in any way.  It does not matter how the 
Designated Person came to have the inside information. 
11. 
If a Designated Person possesses "inside information" in relation to the Company, 
the person must not: 
(a) 
deal in Company Securities in any way; nor  
(b) 
directly or indirectly communicate the information, or cause the information 
to be communicated, to another person if the person knows, or ought 
reasonably to know, that the other person would, or would be likely to, deal 
in  Company Securities in any way or procure a third person to deal in  
Company Securities in any way. 
12. 
The Designated Persons may obtain inside information in relation to another 
company.  For example in the course of negotiating a transaction with the Company, 
another company might provide confidential information about itself.  The prohibition 
on insider trading is not restricted to information affecting Company Securities.  The 
Designated Persons in possession of the inside information must not deal in 
securities of those other companies. 
13. 
A Designated Person who deals in Company Securities while in possession of 
"inside information" will be liable to both civil and criminal penalties.   
Examples of "inside information" 
14. 
Examples of information which may be considered to be "inside information" include, 
the details relating to the items listed below (this is not an exhaustive list):  
(a) 
drilling results, mining exploration results, production figures and the like; 
(b) 
prospective financial information;  
(c) 
proposed transactions; 
For personal use only

 
(d) 
unpublished announcements; 
(e) 
proposed changes in capital structure, including share issues, rights issues 
and the redemption of securities; 
(f) 
impending mergers, acquisitions, reconstructions, takeovers, etc; 
(g) 
significant litigation and disputes; 
(h) 
significant changes in operations or proposed changes in the general 
character or nature of the business of the Company or its subsidiaries; 
(i) 
cashflow information; 
(j) 
major or material purchases or sales of assets; and 
(k) 
proposed or new significant contracts. 
Company's policy on dealing in Company Securities 
15. 
No insider trading: All Designated Persons must adhere to the Corporations Act 
requirements concerning the prohibition on insider trading.  
16. 
Closed periods applicable to Key Management Personnel: Key Management 
Personnel must refrain from dealing in Company Securities during the two weeks 
before and the 24 hours after the following (“Closed Periods”): 
(a) 
release by the Company of a quarterly activities report to ASX; 
(b) 
release by the Company of its half yearly results announcement to ASX; 
(c) 
release by the Company of its yearly results announcement to ASX, 
unless exceptional circumstances apply under paragraph 19. 
17. 
Prior approval for all dealing by Key Management Personnel: Key management 
personnel must not deal in Company Securities at any time without the prior 
approval of the Chairman or, in his absence, the Board or the Managing Director. 
Key Management Personnel must also notify the Company Secretary of their 
intention to trade and provide the Company Secretary with subsequent confirmation 
of the trading that has occurred. Key Management Personnel must not deal in 
Company Securities at any time if the director or senior executive is in possession of 
any inside information relating to those securities. 
18. 
Chairman: The Chairman must not deal in Company Securities without the prior 
approval of the Board or the next most senior director.  The Chairman must notify 
the Company Secretary of his intention to trade and provide the Company Secretary 
with subsequent confirmation of the trading that has occurred. 
19. 
Exceptional circumstances: Dealing in Company Securities by Key Management 
Personnel during a Closed Period may be permitted with the prior written approval 
of the Chairman, or in his absence, the Board or the Managing Director, if the 
following exceptional circumstances apply: 
(a) 
severe financial hardship; 
(b) 
in order to comply an undertaking given to, or an order by, a court; or 
(c) 
such other exceptional circumstances as may from time to time be 
determined by the Chairman, or in his absence, the Board or the Managing 
Director. 
For personal use only

 
20. 
Employees other than Key Management Personnel: Employees who are not Key 
Management Personnel may deal in Company Securities at any time provided the 
Employee notifies the Company Secretary before commencing the transaction and, 
after the transaction has occurred, provides confirmation of the trading. In any event, 
the Employees must not deal in the Company Securities at any time if the Employee 
is in possession of any inside information relating to those securities. 
21. 
Exceptions to the Policy: Designated Persons may at any time: 
(a) 
acquire ordinary shares in the Company by conversion of securities giving 
a right of conversion to ordinary shares (but may not sell all or any of the 
shares received upon exercise of the options other than in accordance with 
this Policy); 
(b) 
acquire Company Securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of 
securities of the same class; 
(c) 
acquire Company Securities under a dividend reinvestment plan, a rights 
issue or a share purchase plan that is available to all holders of securities 
of the same class; 
(d) 
acquire, or agree to acquire, options under a Company share option plan; 
and 
(e) 
exercise options acquired under a Company share option plan (but may not 
sell all or any of the shares received upon exercise of the options other 
than in accordance with this Policy); 
(f) 
transfer Company Securities already held into a superannuation fund or 
other saving scheme in which the Designated Person is a beneficiary, 
subject to ensuring the transfer does not contravene the laws prohibiting 
insider trading; 
(g) 
invest in, or trade unit of, a fund or other scheme where the assets of the 
fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party; and 
(h) 
accept a takeover offer. 
ASX notification by directors 
22. 
In accordance with section 205G Corporations Act and ASX Listing Rule 3.19A, a 
director must notify the ASX within 5 business days after any change in the 
Director's relevant interest in securities of the Company or a related body corporate 
of the Company. 
23. 
A director must notify the Company Secretary in writing of the requisite information 
for the Company Secretary to make the necessary notifications to ASIC and ASX as 
required by the Corporations Act and the ASX Listing Rules. 
Consequences of breach 
24. 
Strict compliance with this Policy is mandatory for all persons covered under this 
Policy.  Breaches of this Policy may damage the Company's reputation in the 
investment community and undermine confidence in the market for Company 
Securities.  Accordingly, breaches will be taken very seriously by the Company and 
will be subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination of a person's 
employment or appointment. 
For personal use only

 
Further information 
25. 
The Company will publish this Policy on the Company’s website: 
www.hotchili.net.au. 
26. 
If you have any questions or need further information on how to comply with this 
Policy, please contact the Company Secretary. 
 
 
 
For personal use only
