1 
ASX Release: 8 April 2025 
HUB24 Securities Trading Policy 
HUB24 Limited (ASX:HUB) attaches a copy of its Securities Trading Policy (‘Policy’) lodged in 
accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.9 and 12.10. 
A copy of the Policy is available in the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website at 
https://www.hub24.com.au/shareholder-centre/corporate-governance/ 
For further information please contact: 
James Cordukes  
Natalie Pennisi 
Head of Investor Relations 
Senior Manager Media & Public Relations 
HUB24 Limited  
HUB24 Limited 
0419 228 822  
03 9275 7835  
james.cordukes@hub24.com.au 
npennisi@hub24.com.au 
About HUB24 
HUB24 Limited is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange, and includes the award-winning 
HUB24 Platform, HUBconnect, Class and myprosperity. 
The HUB24 Platform offers advisers and their clients a comprehensive range of investment options, 
including market-leading managed portfolio solutions, and enhanced transaction and reporting 
functionality. As one of the fastest growing platforms in the market, the platform is recognised for 
providing choice and innovative product solutions that create value for advisers and their clients.   
HUBconnect focuses on leveraging data and technology to provide solutions to common challenges 
for stockbrokers, licensees and advisers and enable the delivery of professional advice to more 
Australians. 
Class is a pioneer in cloud-based wealth accounting software and is recognised as one of Australia’s 
most innovative technology companies. Class delivers SMSF administration, trust accounting, 
portfolio management, legal documentation and corporate compliance solutions to financial 
professionals across Australia who depend on Class to drive business automation, increase 
profitability and deliver better client service. 
myprosperity is a leading provider of client portals for accountants and financial advisers, enabling 
streamlined service delivery, increased productivity and enhanced customer experience for finance 
professionals and their clients.  
This announcement was authorised for release to the market by the Managing Director. 
For further information, please visit www.HUB24.com.au 
For personal use only

HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy 
1 
HUB24 Group 
Securities Trading Policy 
For personal use only

HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy 
2 
Overview 
Purpose 
To provide guidelines for the trading in HUB24 Securities by our 
People in order to ensure HUB24’s legal and regulatory obligations 
are met. 
Scope 
HUB24 Group 
Application 
All HUB24 People 
Document Control 
Executive Owner 
Chief Financial Officer 
Operational Owner 
Company Secretary 
For personal use only

HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy  
3 
Contents 
1 
Background 
4 
2 
Application  
5 
3 
General Trading Rules 
5 
4 
No Trading of HUB24 Securities during designated Restricted Periods 
6 
5 
Trading in HUB24 Securities outside designated Restricted Periods 
6 
6 
Margin Lending 
7 
7 
Trading that is excluded from this policy  
8 
8 
Trading in HUB24 Securities in exceptional circumstances during 
Restricted Periods 
9 
9 
Directors - Notification of trading in HUB24 Securities 
9 
10 
Record Keeping 
10 
11 
Roles and Responsibilities 
10 
12 
Miscellaneous 
11 
Annexure A HUB24 Trade Approval Form 
12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy  
4 
1. Background 
1.1 
HUB24 Limited (HUB24) is an ASX listed entity and head of the HUB24 Group of companies 
that includes HUB24 Custodial Services Ltd and HUBconnect Pty Ltd. In this policy members of 
HUB24 Group are collectively referred to as the Subsidiaries. 
1.2 
HUB24 and its Subsidiaries operate in the highly regulated financial services industry. Complex 
trading, disclosure and conduct laws apply to the HUB24 Group and to our People. 
1.3 
As a publicly company listed on the ASX, HUB24 has a particular obligation and focus on 
ensuring there are clear guidelines for the trading in HUB24 Securities by our People in order to 
ensure its legal and regulatory obligations are met. 
1.4 
HUB24 is committed to having a strong compliance culture and regards compliance as an 
outcome that is achieved when it meets its regulatory obligations, including in relation to any 
dealings in HUB24 Securities. 
1.5 
HUB24 Securities include:  
1.5.1 
quoted shares of HUB24 Limited (ASX:HUB);   
1.5.2 
debentures issued by HUB24; 
1.5.3 
an option over an unissued share in, or debenture of HUB24;  
1.5.4 
derivative in respect of HUB24 shares;  
1.5.5 
a renounceable or un-renounceable right to subscribe for a share in, or debenture 
of, HUB24; and  
1.5.6 
HUB24 share rights under the HUB24 Performance Rights Plan. 
1.6 
Amongst the many obligations that HUB24 and its People are subject to is the prohibition 
against insider trading which carries heavy criminal penalties and other sanctions1. 
1.7 
The Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) prohibits persons who are in possession of Inside Information 
from:  
1.7.1 
dealing in certain financial products; or  
1.7.2 
communicating the Inside Information to others who might deal in the relevant 
financial products; 
1.7.3 
or procuring another person to deal in the relevant financial products (Insider 
Trading Prohibitions). 
1.8 
Other relevant obligations include: 
1.8.1 
the ASX Listing Rules – which require a listed entity to maintain a trading policy for 
the entities securities2; 
1.8.2 
the obligation of a director or employee not to use information acquired in that 
capacity to gain an improper advantage for themselves or someone else3; 
1.8.3 
the requirement for Australian Financial Services Licence (AFSL) holders to identify 
and manage conflicts of interest4; and 
1.8.4 
the requirement to notify the ASX of Director’s dealings in HUB24 Securities5. 
 
1 Section 1043A Corporations Act 2001 prohibits insider trading.  Penalties of up to 10 years imprisonment and/or 
fines may apply to individuals.  A corporation may also be guilty of insider trading and be subject to civil or 
criminal penalties. 
2 ASX Listing Rules 12.9-12.12 
3 Section 183, Corporations Act 2001 
4 Section 912A(1)(aa) Corporations Act 2001 and ASIC Regulatory Guide 181 
5 ASX Listing Rule 3.19A.2 (Appendix 3Y) 
For personal use only

HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy  
5 
1.9 
Inside Information in this policy means information that triggers the prohibition against insider 
trading in s1043A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act).  That is, information 
that is not generally available and that, if it were generally available, a reasonable person would 
expect it to have a material effect on price or value of particular financial products6. 
1.10 Information that is Inside Information is also likely to be Market Sensitive Information – which 
is the term used by ASX to describe information that is subject to the continuous disclosure 
regime in ASX Listing Rule 3.1 and section 674 of the Corporations Act. That is, information 
concerning an entity that a reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on the 
price or value of the entity’s securities. For HUB24’s policy in relation to meeting its continuous 
disclosure obligations, please refer to the HUB24 Group’s Market Disclosure Policy. 
 
2. Application    
2.1 This policy applies to HUB24, its Subsidiaries and their directors, officers, employees and 
Contractors7 (together our People) as well as to their Associates. 
2.2  Associates includes close family members such as a spouse or partner or dependent children 
and any family company or family trust that one or more of our People may control or have an 
interest in or that a close family member may control or have an interest in. 
2.3 Designated Person includes any of our People who by virtue of their position and or duties are 
identified by management and Risk and Compliance as requiring additional securities trading 
requirements to be applied to them. These additional security trading requirements are to be 
provided to the Designated Person in writing as thought fit by management and Risk and 
Compliance. 
2.4 It is the responsibility of our People to take reasonable steps to ensure that their Associates do 
not deal in HUB24 Securities or other securities where the dealing could be attributed to the 
HUB24 person concerned, except in accordance with this policy. 
 
3. General Trading Rules  
3.1 Our People must not: 
3.1.1 
trade in or recommend others trade in any HUB24 Securities when they are in 
possession of Inside Information in relation to those securities or in relation to the 
issuer of those securities; 
3.1.2 
procure, incite, induce or encourage another person to trade in securities based on 
Inside Information; 
3.1.3 
directly or indirectly communicate Inside Information or cause that information to be 
communicated to another person, if they know, or ought reasonably to know, that the 
other person would, or would be likely to trade or procure another person to trade 
based on that information; 
3.1.4 
make use of their position or information acquired by virtue of their position to gain, 
directly or indirectly, an improper advantage for themselves or for any other person; 
3.1.5 
base investment decisions on the trading activity of HUB24 undertaken on behalf of 
portfolio managers, clients and advisers or on any trading activities of any of its 
Subsidiaries; or 
3.1.6 
trade in securities (i.e. HUB24 Securities and/or third-party securities) where: 
 
6 Section 1042A Corporations Act 2001 – definition of “inside information”. 
7 A reference to “Contractor” in this policy means an individual who is contracted to work for a member of the 
HUB24 Group for a minimum of two days a week for at least four weeks.   
For personal use only

HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy  
6 
3.1.6.1 the relevant individuals have been directed not to do so by the Managing 
Director, the Company Secretary or other officer of HUB24 as a result of 
their involvement in a transaction or knowledge of information which may 
reasonably be regarded as constituting Inside Information.  Any such 
direction will be in writing and may apply to one or more of our People; 
3.1.6.2 the individual knows or ought reasonably to know (for example because of 
their    involvement in a transaction or being in possession of information) 
which may reasonably be regarded as Inside Information. 
3.2 
Enter into, renew, alter or close out a hedge transaction when they are in possession of 
Inside Information. A hedge includes entering into transactions in financial products that 
operate to limit the economic risk associated with holding HUB24 Securities. 
3.3 
Hedge prior to vesting of any unvested HUB24 Securities acquired under the employee share 
plan operated by HUB24; 
3.4 
Hedge HUB24 Securities subject to a holding lock or restriction on dealing under the terms of 
the employee share plan;   
3.5 
Where any of our People are uncertain as to whether they hold Inside Information or whether 
their intended conduct would constitute a possible breach of the Insider Trading Prohibitions, 
they should consult with the Company Secretary or, in their absence, the Managing Director; 
and 
3.6 
The Company Secretary (or the Managing Director) may seek advice, for example, legal 
advice as they deem appropriate. 
 
4. No Trading of HUB24 Securities during 
designated Restricted Periods 
4.1 
Our People and their Associates may not deal in HUB24 Securities during the following 
Restricted Periods: 
4.1.1 
the same trading day as any release of Market Sensitive Information to ASX; 
4.1.2 
within the period of one (1) month prior to the issue of a prospectus or other relevant 
disclosure document in relation to HUB24 Securities; 
4.1.3 
from the balance date (i.e. 30 June or 31 December) until 24 hours after the release of 
HUB24’s annual or half-yearly results to ASX; and 
4.1.4 
any other period determined by the Managing Director (or their delegate), the Chief 
Financial Officer, the Company Secretary or designated by the HUB24 Board or the 
HUB24 Audit Risk and Compliance Committee (ARCC). 
4.1.5 
Dealings in HUB24 Securities under margin lending arrangements – refer to Section 6. 
 
5. Trading in HUB24 Securities outside 
designated Restricted Periods   
5.1 Subject to the General Trading Rules described in Section 4, outside Restricted Periods our 
People and their Associates may trade in HUB24 Securities provided that they obtain the prior 
written approval from the Company Secretary or in their absence, the Managing Director. If the 
Managing Director is also unavailable, the prior written approval must be obtained from the Chair 
of the Board or the Chair of the ARCC.  
5.2 For clarity, our People and their Associates are permitted to hedge their vested and unrestricted 
HUB24 Securities outside of designated restricted periods provided that the hedge transaction is 
For personal use only

HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy  
7 
treated as trading in HUB24 Securities for the purpose of this policy and the relevant approvals 
have been obtained.  
5.3  If HUB24’s Company Secretary is seeking prior approval to trade, such request should be made 
to the Managing Director or, in their absence, the Chair of the ARCC. 
5.4 The approval of the Managing Director or, in their absence the Chair of the ARCC, is required for 
the approval if any executive Key Management Personnel (excluding the Managing Director) 
propose to trade HUB24 Securities. 
5.5 The approval of the Chair of HUB24’s Board or, in their absence the Chair of the ARCC, is 
required if any Director of HUB24 proposes to trade HUB24 Securities. If HUB24’s Chair is 
seeking prior approval to trade, such request should be made to the Chair of the ARCC and in 
their absence the Managing Director. 
5.6 A request to trade should be in the form attached as Annexure A to this policy (as amended from 
time to time) and all the information required by that form must be provided.   
5.7 Approval requests, including the completed and signed request form, should be sent by email to 
the Company Secretary. 
5.8 Approvals can be withheld where it’s reasonable to believe that the person seeking approval is in 
possession of Inside Information or for reasons of good corporate governance or for other reasons 
taking into account matters such HUB24’s trading activities and proposed transactions. 
5.9 Approval to trade is not an endorsement or recommendation of the proposed trade. Each of our 
People and their Associates remain responsible for their investment decisions and compliance 
with the law. 
5.10 
Any approval expires: 
5.10.1 within five (5) business days of the date of the approval; or 
5.10.2 such other period as is agreed by the Company Secretary or other relevant person 
giving approval; and 
5.10.3 for the avoidance of doubt any approved but incomplete trades will lapse at the expiry 
and new approval to must be sought (as required). 
5.11 It is also important to note that: 
5.11.1 reasons may not be given in connection with any decision to approve or withhold 
approval to trade where doing so would contravene confidentiality obligations; 
5.11.2 an approval to trade can be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a 
change in circumstances; and  
5.11.3 if approval to trade is refused, the person seeking the approval must keep the refusal 
confidential and not disclose to anyone. 
5.12 It is also important to note that such trading is always subject to the General Trading Rules 
described in Section 4 and that approval to trade does not obviate the need for each of our 
People to comply with those requirements.   
 
6. Margin Lending 
6.1 
Our People and their Associates are permitted to have margin loans that have interests in 
HUB24 Securities under their margin lending arrangement, this includes meeting a ‘margin call’. 
Our People and their Associates must maintain sufficient liquidity or alternative securities in the 
margin lending arrangement to ensure that HUB24 Securities are not dealt with under a “margin 
call” until prior written approval is obtained to deal in HUB24 Securities. Importantly, regardless 
of the urgency of a margin call, a margin call that includes a request to trade HUB24 Securities, 
will only be considered in accordance with this policy and no special consideration is likely to be 
For personal use only

HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy  
8 
provided nor approval given. Furthermore, consideration of trading requests will be undertaken 
in the ordinary course of business and our People or their Associates should expect that any 
request to trade during a Restricted Period will most likely be rejected. 
6.2 
Failure by our People or their Associates to obtain prior written approval to deal in HUB24 
Securities under a margin lending arrangement is considered a breach of this policy. 
 
7. Trading that is excluded from this policy 
7.1 
The ASX Listing Rules require an entity to disclose any trading that is excluded from its 
securities trading policy. The Listing Rules do not prescribe the types of trading an entity may 
exclude. However, ASX Listing Rules Guidance Note 27 – Trading Policies sets out some 
examples that are commonly excluded and these examples were considered in the development 
of the exclusions set out below.  The following types of trading in HUB24 Securities are 
generally excluded from the operation of this policy: 
7.1.1 
transfers of HUB24 Securities already held in a superannuation fund or other saving 
scheme in which the relevant person is a beneficiary and where the investments are 
made at the discretion of a third party; 
7.1.2 
an investment in, or dealing in units of a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme 
only investing in HUB24 Securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are 
invested at the discretion of a third party; 
7.1.3 
where our People or their Associate is a trustee of a trust trading in HUB24 Securities 
by that trust - provided that the trustee or their Associate is not a beneficiary of the trust 
and any decision to trade during a prohibited period is taken by the other trustees or by 
the investment managers independently of the relevant person or an Associate; 
7.1.4 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
7.1.5 
dealing under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the HUB24 Security holders, 
such as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment 
plan and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and 
structure of the offer has been approved by the HUB24 Board.  This includes decisions 
relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements 
required to provide for the take up of the balance of the entitlements under a 
renounceable pro rata issue; and 
7.1.6 
the exercise (but not the sale of HUB4 Securities following exercise) of an option or a 
right under an employee incentive scheme, or the conversion of a convertible security 
7.2 
It should be noted that any of the trades described above may still breach Insider Trading 
Prohibitions if undertaken or procured by someone in possession of Inside Information at that 
time. Accordingly, even though the trades described above fall within a general exclusion to this 
policy, any of our People who possess Inside Information in relation to such matters should not 
trade for so long as they do so. 
 
 
For personal use only

HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy  
9 
8. Trading in HUB24 Securities in
exceptional circumstances during
Restricted Periods
8.1 
Our People and/or their Associates who are not in possession of Inside Information may only 
trade in HUB24 Securities during Restricted Periods if: 
8.1.1 
one or more of the exceptional circumstances (Exceptional Circumstances) 
described below applies and prior written approval of the Chair of the HUB24 Board 
or Chair of the ARCC (where the Managing Director regards this as appropriate) is 
obtained. 
8.2 
Exceptional Circumstances, on the recommendation of the Managing Director (or their 
delegate), are: 
8.2.1 
financial hardship which cannot be addressed otherwise than by dealing in HUB24 
Securities; or 
8.2.2 
a court order directing the dealing in HUB24 Securities; and 
8.2.3 
such other situations as the Managing Director (or their delegate) determine. 
8.3 
In the case of an application to trade in Exceptional Circumstances by the Chair, the Chair of the 
ARCC will determine whether an Exceptional Circumstance exists. 
8.4 
The Chair or (if applicable) the Chair of the ARCC must consider the objectives of this policy and 
the intention of the ASX Listing Rules and the Insider Trading Prohibitions in making a 
determination as to whether to provide the relevant approval to trade during a Restricted Period. 
If the request was from someone known to be holding Inside Information the application should, 
prima facie, be declined. 
8.5 
Any such approval will be: 
8.5.1 
be in writing; 
8.5.2 
identify the applicable expiry date of the approval. 
8.6 
If any of our People or their Associates wish to trade in HUB24 Securities during a Restricted 
Period based on Exceptional Circumstances, the relevant HUB24 person must send their 
application by email to the Company Secretary at: hub24securities@hub24.com.au in the form 
set out in Annexure A. 
9. Directors - Notification of trading in
HUB24 Securities
9.1 
The ASX Listing Rules require HUB24 to notify the ASX of dealings in notifiable interests in 
HUB24 Securities by its Directors within five (5) business days8. 
9.2 
Directors must notify the Company Secretary immediately after dealing in any HUB24 Securities 
and provide them with details of the dealing. 
8 ASX Listing Rule 3.19A.2 (Appendix 3Y) 
For personal use only

HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy  
10 
10. Record keeping 
10.1 All our People must keep up to date records containing information relating to their trading of 
HUB24 Securities (Trading Records).   
10.2 Trading Records may be requested at any time as part of the HUB24 compliance monitoring 
program, including by the Managing Director, Company Secretary and the Chief Risk Officer (or 
their delegates).   
 
11. Roles and Responsibilities 
Board 
11.1 The Board has ultimate responsibility for ensuring HUB24’s Senior Management has 
implemented processes and procedures that promote compliance with the Insider Trading 
Prohibitions and with this policy. 
ARCC  
11.2 The role of the ARCC is to assist the Board discharge its responsibilities, including by monitoring 
the extent to which the HUB24 Group complies with its legal and regulatory obligations, for 
example the Insider Trading Prohibitions. 
11.3 As part of this oversight responsibility, ARCC may request reporting of our People’s trading in 
HUB Securities from our share registry or other trading data providers. 
Managing Director 
11.4 The Managing Director has the responsibilities outlined in this policy which include the following 
11.4.1 Provision of guidance to the HUB24 Board, the ARCC, Directors, the Chief Financial 
Officer and the Company Secretary on this policy; 
11.4.2 Ensuring the Group has appropriate systems in place to administer this policy;  
11.4.3 Decision maker in determining when those of our People are to be restricted from 
trading in HUB24 Securities; and  
11.4.4 Considering and recommending whether or not Exceptional Circumstances apply for 
trading in HUB24 Securities during Restricted Periods. 
Company Secretary 
11.5 The Company Secretary has the following responsibilities 
11.5.1 Responsibility for the overall management and administration of this policy. 
11.5.2 Provision of guidance on this policy to Directors and our People. 
11.5.3 Record keeping in relation to trading approvals and Restricted Periods.  
11.5.4 Record keeping in relation to Director’s trading in HUB24 Securities notified to the 
Company Secretary. 
11.5.5 Submitting relevant notices (including in relation to Director’s trades in HUB24 
Securities) to ASX.  
11.5.6 Ensuring a copy of this policy is available on HUB24’s website.  
11.5.7 Reviewing and updating this policy. 
11.5.8 Ensuring a copy of HUB24’s trading policy (and within five (5) business days of any 
material change taking effect), a copy of the updated policy, is given to ASX Market 
Announcements Office for release to the market. 
For personal use only

HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy  
11 
11.5.9 Reporting, as required, to the HUB24 Board and the ARCC on material matters relating 
to the operation of this policy. 
Our People 
11.6 All our People are required to comply with this policy.   
11.7 Senior Managers are responsible for: 
11.7.1 taking reasonable steps, on a day to day basis, to ensure that the People in their area 
of responsibility are aware of and understand their obligations under this policy; and  
11.7.2 taking reasonable steps to ensure that the People in their area of responsibility comply 
with this policy. 
 
12. Miscellaneous 
Board Approval  
12.1 The HUB24 Limited Board has approved this policy. 
Public availability of this Policy 
12.2 A copy of this policy shall be made publicly available on HUB24’s website:www.hub24.com.au 
Policy breaches 
12.3 Breaches of this policy will be viewed seriously and may lead to disciplinary action being taken 
against the relevant person.  In serious cases, such action may include dismissal.  
12.4 Any of our People who becomes aware of a breach or potential breach of this policy should 
immediately report the matter to their Line Manager, Company Secretary and to the Chief Risk 
Officer (or their delegate). 
12.5 Failure to comply with this Code could result in HUB24 taking disciplinary action against an 
employee, up to and including termination of employment or engagement.  Also, it may result in 
an investigation by the police or a regulator (e.g. ASIC) where the conduct is unlawful. 
Review frequency 
12.6 This policy is to be reviewed at least every two years (or more frequently if appropriate). 
Guidance Documents 
12.7 In designing this policy, consideration has been given to ASX Listing Rules Guidance Note 27 
issued by the ASX to assist listed entities to understand and comply with their obligations under 
the ASX Listing Rules with regard to trading policies and ASX Rules 12.9 to 12.12. 
Associated policies and related documents 
12.8 Reference should also be made to the following: 
12.8.1 HUB24 Group Code of Conduct 
12.8.2 HUB24 Group Market Disclosure Policy 
For personal use only

HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy  
12 
Annexure A 
HUB24 Trade Approval Form 
Date of Application 
 
Name of Applicant 
 
Designation of Applicant 
 
Will the person trading be 
one of our People or an 
Associate? 
 
If an Associate, their name 
 
Account name 
 (i.e. your name, Associate, 
SFMF) 
 
Broker, if not HUB24 CS 
 
Type of securities to be 
traded 
 
Buy/Sell  
 
Quantity 
 
Price 
$ 
Exceptional Circumstances 
 
 
I DECLARE that at the time of this application: 
 
I am not in possession of any Insider Information in relation to HUB24 Securities and that if I come 
into possession of Insider Information between the date of approval and when I propose trading, I 
will not trade. 
 
I have read and understood the HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy. 
 
I understand that I may not receive permission to trade in HUB24 Securities during any Restricted 
Period as outlined in the HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy. 
 
I acknowledge and agree that any approval given expires in accordance with the terms of the 
HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy. 
 
 
 
 
 
OTHER COMMENTS OR SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS 
For personal use only

HUB24 Group Securities Trading Policy  
13 
Signature of Applicant: 
 
Name and title of Authorised Person:  
Signature and date of Authorised 
Person: 
 
Expiry Date of Approval 
 
 
Important Information: 
• 
Once this form is completed, it should be emailed to the Company Secretary. 
• 
Approval requests will generally be answered within one business day after their receipt, provided those requests are 
received prior to 3pm on a business day and all relevant information is provided. If an approval request is received 
after 3pm or immediately prior to a weekend or on a weekend or a public holiday, the request will generally be 
answered during the next business day. 
• 
Approval to trade is not an endorsement or recommendation of the proposed trade. You and (if applicable) your 
Associates remain responsible for your investment decisions and compliance with the law. 
• 
Any approval to trade can be given or refused by HUB24 in its discretion, without giving reasons. 
• 
An approval to trade can be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a change in circumstances. 
• 
If your request for approval to trade is refused, you must keep the refusal confidential and not disclose it to anyone. 
 
For personal use only
