 
ASX Announcement  
 
16 December 2021 
 
IDP Education Ltd 
ABN 59 117 676 463 
 
Level 10, 697 Collins Street 
DOCKLANDS VIC 3008 
Tel 61 3 9612 4400 
Fax 61 3 9614 0534 
 
 
www.idp.com 
www.ieltsessentials.com 
 
 
 
Revised Securities Trading Policy 
 
Attached is a copy of IDP Education Limited’s (ASX: IEL) revised Securities Trading Policy lodged 
with the ASX in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10. A copy of the Securities Trading Policy is 
available on the corporate governance section of the IDP website. 
 
The release of this announcement was authorised by Ashley Warmbrand, Company Secretary.  
 
 
 
- END - 
For personal use only

 
 
IDP Education Limited 
Securities Trading Policy 
1 
Introduction 
1.1 
Purpose of this Policy 
This Securities Trading Policy (Policy) sets out the policy of IDP Education Limited (the 
Company) on dealings in Securities of the Company, and in Securities of other companies with 
which the Company may be dealing (including its customers, contractors or business partners) by 
Company Personnel. 
Certain capitalised terms have the meaning give to them in Section 11 of this Policy. 
The purpose of this Policy is to assist Company Personnel to avoid conduct that would constitute 
the offence of 'insider trading' under the Australian Corporations Act. In some respects, this Policy 
extends beyond the strict requirements of the Australian Corporations Act, so as to avoid any 
appearance or allegations of impropriety in dealings with Securities by Company Personnel. 
This Policy sets out: 
(a) 
a description of what conduct may constitute insider trading; 
(b) 
what dealings are acceptable (falling outside the prohibitions imposed by this Policy); 
(c) 
the Blackout Periods for the Company; 
(d) 
the procedures to be followed when dealing in Securities; 
(e) 
restrictions on certain types of dealing in Securities 
(f) 
exceptional circumstances allowing disposal of Company Securities during Blackout 
Periods; and 
(g) 
the consequences for breaching this Policy. 
1.2 
Application 
This Policy applies generally to all Company Personnel. Additional responsibilities apply to 
Designated Officers, as set out in section 4 of this Policy. 
1.3 
Consequences of breach 
Under the Australian Corporations Act, insider trading is a criminal offence, attracting potential 
fines and imprisonment. Civil penalties and compensation may also be ordered against a person 
engaging in insider trading. 
In addition to the consequences applicable under law, Company Personnel who fail to adhere to 
the requirements of this Policy face disciplinary action, potentially including dismissal. 
1.4 
Responsibility 
Each Company Person has an individual responsibility to ensure that he or she complies with 
both the law relating to insider trading and the other requirements of this Policy. This Policy is 
only a general guide in relation to complex legal provisions, and should not be taken as legal 
advice. 
If at any stage you are in doubt as to your freedom to deal in Securities, you should consult the 
Company Secretary. Any guidance obtained from the Company Secretary, a director or other 
For personal use only

IDP Education Limited  
Securities Trading Policy 
 
page 2 
 
officer of the Company will not affect your individual responsibility to comply with your obligations 
under this Policy. 
2 
What is insider trading? 
2.1 
Prohibition on insider trading 
The Australian Corporations Act prohibits a person from engaging in insider trading, and 
Company Personnel are prohibited by this Policy from engaging in insider trading. 
In broad terms, a person will have engaged in insider trading if: 
(a) 
that person possesses Inside Information in relation to Securities; and 
(b) 
that person: 
(i) 
buys or sells Securities that are the subject of the Inside Information, or agrees to 
do so; 
(ii) 
procures someone else to buy or sell the Securities that are the subject of the 
Inside Information, or agrees to do so; or 
(iii) 
passes on that Inside Information to a third party where that person knows, or 
ought reasonably to know, that the third party would be likely to use the 
information to do any of the above things. 
The insider trading prohibition applies in relation to conduct of Company Personnel on their own 
behalf, or on behalf of another person. Additionally, a Company Person may engage in insider 
trading if, while the Company Person is in possession of Inside Information, another person 
engages in the conduct described above on the Company Person's behalf. 
2.2 
What constitutes 'Inside Information'? 
'Inside Information' means, in relation to any Securities, any information that is not generally 
available and that, if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect to have a 
material effect on the price or value of the relevant Securities. 
2.3 
Not limited to information about the Company's Securities 
The prohibition on insider trading in section 2.1 above does not apply just to Inside Information 
about the Company's Securities – it applies equally to where Inside Information is held by a 
Company Person in respect of another company's Securities. 
2.4 
Information however obtained 
It does not matter how or where the person obtains the Inside Information – it does not have to be 
obtained from the Company to constitute Inside Information. 
You cannot avoid the insider trading prohibition by arranging for a member of your family or a 
friend to deal in the Company's Securities nor may you give "tips" concerning Inside Information 
relating to the Company to others. 
2.5 
When is information 'generally available'? 
Information is 'generally available' (and therefore does not constitute Inside Information) where 
the information: 
(a) 
is readily observable; 
(b) 
has been brought to the attention of investors by an ASX announcement or similar 
communication made to the general public and a reasonable period for its dissemination 
has elapsed since the announcement; or 
For personal use only

IDP Education Limited  
Securities Trading Policy 
 
page 3 
 
(c) 
is able to be deduced, concluded or inferred from other generally available information. 
The Company will usually make information generally available by releasing it to the ASX. 
2.6 
Penalties 
Breaching the insider trading prohibition may subject you to: 
(a) 
criminal liability (including heavy fines and imprisonment); 
(b) 
civil liability; 
(c) 
civil penalty provisions. 
Breaching the law, this policy, or both, will be regarded by the Company as serious misconduct 
which may lead to disciplinary action or dismissal. 
2.7 
Examples of Inside Information 
To illustrate the prohibition described above, the following are possible examples of price 
sensitive information which, if not generally available, may constitute Inside Information: 
(a) 
a change in the Company's forecast or expectations; 
(b) 
a proposed major acquisition or disposal of assets; 
(c) 
a proposed or actual takeover; 
(d) 
a proposed new issue of Securities; 
(e) 
a matter which may have an adverse effect on the Company's reputation; 
(f) 
an event which may have a material impact on the Company's operations; 
(g) 
a material legal dispute; or 
(h) 
a significant change in senior management of the Company or of another entity. The 
above is not an exhaustive list of Inside Information. 
3 
Acceptable dealings in Company Securities 
Not all dealings are subject to the prohibitions set out in this Policy. Examples of trades not 
subject to this Policy include: 
(a) 
where the trade would result in no change in beneficial interest in the Company's 
Securities (eg, Securities in the Company already held in the Company Person's 
superannuation fund in which that Company Person is a beneficiary are transferred to 
that Company Person, or vice versa); 
(b) 
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in Securities of the Company) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are 
invested at the discretion of a third party; 
(c) 
where the Company Person is a trustee, trading in Company Securities by that trust 
provided that: 
(i) 
the Company Person is not a beneficiary of the trust; and 
(ii) 
any decision to trade during a Blackout Period is taken by the other trustees or by 
the investment managers independently of the Company Person; 
(d) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
(e) 
participating in an offer or invitation made to all or most of the Company's Security 
holders, such as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution 
For personal use only

IDP Education Limited  
Securities Trading Policy 
 
page 4 
 
reinvestment plan or an equal access buy-back plan, where the plan that determines the 
timing and structure of the offer has been approved by the Board; and 
(f) 
the exercise (but not the sale of Securities following exercise) of an option or a right under 
an employee incentive scheme of the Company, or the conversion of a convertible 
security, where the final date for the exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of 
the security, falls during a Blackout Period. 
4 
Blackout Periods for trading by Designated Officers 
4.1 
Trading by Designated Officers and their Connected Persons in the Company's 
Securities 
In addition to the general prohibition on trading at any time while in possession of Inside 
Information, the Company has identified certain periods of time as Blackout Periods, during which 
Designated Officers and their Connected Persons must not deal in the Company's Securities (see 
section 4.2). 
4.2 
Blackout Periods 
The following are the Blackout Periods during which Designated Officers must not deal in the 
Company's Securities: 
(a) 
from the end of the relevant half year and financial year until the opening of trading on 
ASX on the first business day after the day of release of the Company's half-yearly 
results and preliminary final results (as applicable) to the ASX; 
(b) 
in the two weeks prior to the annual general meeting of the Company; or 
(c) 
for any other period where the Chairman or the Company Secretary has advised that 
there is a Blackout Period in place. 
This prohibition extends to any dealing by a Designated Officer's Connected Persons. 
Even outside these Blackout Periods, Designated Officers (and their Connected Persons) may 
still possess Inside Information which will prohibit them from dealing in the Company's Securities 
under section 2.1. 
4.3 
Participation in rights issues and employee share plans during Blackout Periods 
As contemplated in section 3, a Designated Officer (and any Connected Person) may: 
(a) 
participate in rights issues or similar capital raisings offered to all Company shareholders 
even where the offer is made, or acceptance of the offer must occur, within a Blackout 
Period; and 
(b) 
exercise options to subscribe for Company Securities that are granted under an 
employee equity incentive scheme during a Blackout Period. However, any dealings with 
the resulting Securities will be subject to the requirements of this Policy, including the 
restrictions that apply during Blackout Periods. 
4.4 
Obligation to inform Connected Persons 
Each Designated Officer must ensure that their Connected Persons are made aware of: 
(a) 
the position that the Designated Officer holds with the Company; 
(b) 
the Blackout Periods during which they must not deal in the Company's Securities; and 
(c) 
the other restrictions in this policy that apply to Designated Persons as those restrictions 
also apply to the Connected Persons. 
For personal use only

IDP Education Limited  
Securities Trading Policy 
 
page 5 
 
5 
Exceptional circumstances during Blackout Periods 
5.1 
Applications to trade during a Blackout Period 
Designated Officers who seek to deal in the Company's Securities during a Blackout Period must 
provide all relevant information in writing to the Company Secretary demonstrating that: 
(a) 
they are not in possession of Inside Information in relation to the Company; 
(b) 
their approval to trade is being sought as a result of an exceptional circumstance (see 
section 5.4 below); and 
(c) 
selling the Company's Securities is the only reasonable course of action available. This 
extends to any dealing by a Designated Officer's Connected Persons. 
5.2 
Who can grant permission to trade during a Blackout Period? 
(a) 
Permission must be given in writing by the Company Secretary, after consultation with the 
Chairman. If either the Company Secretary or the Chairman have an interest in the 
dealing (or are themselves doing the dealing), they must seek permission from a Board 
member, who is in turn to consult with either the Company Secretary or the Chairman 
(depending on which is doing the dealing). 
(b) 
In relation to any application for permission: 
(i) 
permission is to be granted or withheld as a matter of absolute discretion and 
without reason; 
(ii) 
permission can be withdrawn if new information comes to light, or there is a 
change in circumstances; 
(iii) 
a decision in response to a request for permission is final and binding on the 
relevant Designated Officer (and their Connected Persons); and 
(iv) 
if permission is refused, the relevant Designated Officer (and their Connected 
Persons) must keep that information confidential. 
5.3 
Form of response 
(a) 
The Company Secretary must provide the written response to the relevant Designated 
Officer within seven days of receiving all required information. 
(b) 
The response must specify: 
(i) 
whether the Designated Officer has been granted permission to deal in the 
Company's Securities; and if so 
(ii) 
a clearance period during which trading is permitted. 
5.4 
What are exceptional circumstances? 
Dealing in the Company's Securities during any Blackout Period will only be permitted in cases of 
severe financial hardship or other exceptional circumstances. Examples include: 
(a) 
financial hardship where the individual has a binding financial commitment that cannot be 
satisfied unless they sell or otherwise dispose of Company Securities; 
(b) 
the issuing or enforcement of a court order or other means of legal, statutory or regulatory 
enforcement where the individual is required to transfer or sell the Securities of the 
Company; or 
(c) 
any other circumstance deemed by the Company Secretary or Chairman as an 
exceptional circumstance. 
For personal use only

IDP Education Limited  
Securities Trading Policy 
 
page 6 
 
6 
Trading by Designated Officers outside Blackout Periods 
6.1 
Obligation to seek approval for trading by Designated Officers 
During any period other than a Blackout Period, and before any dealing in the Company's Securities is 
undertaken, a Designated Officer seeking to trade (column A, below) must provide notification to and 
seek approval for any proposed dealing in the Company's Securities from the person/s approving the 
trade (column B, below): 
Column A 
Relevant Person seeking to trade 
Column B 
Person/s approving the trade 
Directors of the Company, the Chief 
Executive Officer, the Chief Financial 
Officer and the Company Secretary 
The Chairman of the Board 
The Chairman of the Board 
The Chairman of the Audit and Risk 
Committee  
Any Company Person designated as a member 
of the Company's 'Global Leadership Team' as 
notified to such Company Person by the 
Company Secretary from time to time 
The Chief Executive Officer 
Any other Company Person who is a 
Designated Officer 
The Company Secretary 
This approval requirement extends to any dealing by a Designated Officer's Connected Persons. 
In relation to any application for approval: 
(a) 
approval is to be granted or withheld as a matter of absolute discretion and without 
reason; 
(b) 
approval can be withdrawn if new information comes to light, or there is a change in 
circumstances; 
(c) 
a decision in response to a request for approval is final and binding on the relevant 
Designated Officer (and their Connected Persons); and 
(d) 
if approval is refused, the relevant Designated Officer (and their Connected Persons) 
must keep that information confidential. 
Following approval, Designated Officers (or their relevant Connected Persons) must undertake 
the proposed dealing within five business days or as otherwise notified by the person providing 
such approval. If the dealing is not undertaken within this time, the approval will no longer have 
effect and a new approval will be required.  
Designated Officers must confirm any such dealings with the person who endorsed the 
transaction and the Company Secretary within two business days of the dealing. The Company 
Secretary will keep a record of this information. 
The insider trading restriction in section 2.1 applies to all dealings in the Company's Securities 
despite any approval given to a Designated Officer under this Policy, and the Designated Officer 
is responsible for ensuring that the dealing does not breach this restriction. 
For personal use only

IDP Education Limited  
Securities Trading Policy 
 
page 7 
 
6.2 
Substantial shareholdings 
If a Designated Officer obtains a substantial shareholding in the Company's Securities by virtue of 
any dealing (more than 5% of the Company's issued capital), the Designated Officer must also 
notify the ASX within two business days of the change. 
6.3 
Notification 
Directors of the Company who deal in the Company's Securities must notify the ASX Compliance 
Officer immediately of that dealing to ensure compliance with the notification requirements under 
ASX Listing Rules 3.19A and 3.19B. 
7 
Short-term trading in Company Securities 
7.1 
General prohibition 
Company Personnel are encouraged to be long-term holders of Company Securities. 
Consequently, it is contrary to the Policy for Company Personnel to be engaged in short-term 
trading of the Company's Securities. This means that Company Personnel (and entities controlled 
by, or associated with, Company Personnel) must not buy and sell (or sell and buy) Company 
Securities within a three month period, or enter into any arrangement to do so without prior 
permission. 
7.2 
Employee equity incentive schemes 
This prohibition does not restrict the vesting or exercise of options over or rights to Company 
Securities under an employee equity incentive scheme and the subsequent sale of the underlying 
Company shares at any time thereafter. 
8 
Prohibition on hedging of unvested Company Securities 
Company Personnel are prohibited from entering into any transaction or arrangement, including 
by way of derivatives, hedges or similar financial products, which limit the economic risk of 
holding unvested entitlements in Company Securities allocated under a Company incentive 
scheme. 
9 
Margin loans over Company Securities 
Designated Officers are prohibited from entering into arrangements giving a third party the right to 
require them to sell Company Securities (eg, margin loans). This prohibition extends to a 
Designated Officer's Connected Persons. 
10 
Record keeping 
The Company Secretary will maintain a record of all applications for applications for permissions 
and approvals to trade made in accordance with this policy, and decisions in response to such 
applications. The Company Secretary is responsible for providing on-going training to Company 
Personnel to promote compliance with this Policy.  
11 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Policy, the following terms have the meaning set out below: 
ASX means the ASX Limited or the securities market operated by it, as the context requires. 
Australian Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Blackout Period means the periods defined in section 4.2. 
Chairman means the person who from time to time occupies the position of Chairman of the 
For personal use only

IDP Education Limited  
Securities Trading Policy 
 
page 8 
 
Company. 
Company Group Member means the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 
Company Personnel means each director, officer and employee of a Company Group Member, 
and each contractor and consultant to a Company Group Member whose terms of engagement 
apply this Policy to them, and Company Person has a corresponding meaning. 
Company Secretary means the person who from time to time occupies the position of Company 
Secretary of the Company. 
Connected Person means, in relation to a Designated Officer: 
(a) 
an immediate family member (for example, a partner, spouse, child or parent) of the 
Designated Officer; 
(b) 
a company, trust or other entity (including any superannuation fund) that is controlled by 
the Designated Officer or any immediate family member of the of Designated Officer; and 
(c) 
the trustee of a trust or other fiduciary arrangement (including any superannuation fund) 
of which the Designated Officer or any immediate family member of the of Designated 
Officer is a beneficiary. 
deal includes: 
(a) 
buying and selling; 
(b) 
procuring another person to buy or sell; 
(c) 
transferring or accepting a transfer; 
(d) 
entering into or closing out; or 
(e) 
the entry into any agreement to do any of the above things. 
Designated Officer means: 
(a) 
each director of the Company; 
(b) 
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company; 
(c) 
the Chief Financial Officer of the Company; 
(d) 
the Company Secretary of the Company; 
(e) 
any other Company Person designated as a member of the Company's 'Key 
Management Personnel' (as that term is defined in the ASX Listing Rules), as notified to 
such Company Person by the Company Secretary of the Company from time to time; and 
(f) 
any other Company Person designated by the Chief Financial Officer of the Company or 
the Company Secretary of the Company (and notified by them to such Company Person) 
from time to time. 
Securities includes shares, units, options, rights and other interests considered to be securities 
for the purposes of the Australian Corporations Act. 
12 
Currency and review of this Policy 
This Policy was adopted by the Board on 8 December 2021. The Company will review this policy 
regularly and update it as legislative requirements change and best practice on securities dealing 
issues evolves. Any amendments to the policy will be approved by the Board and communicated 
by the Company Secretary or the Chief Executive Officer to all Company Personnel. 
 
For personal use only
