ILUKA RESOURCES LIMITED (ASX:ILU) 
AUSTRALIAN SECURITIES EXCHANGE NOTICE  
 
Iluka Resources Limited • ABN 34 008 675 018 • Level 17 240 St Georges Terrace Perth WA 6000 
GPO Box U1988 Perth WA 6845 • T +61 8 9360 4700 • F +61 8 9360 4777 • www.iluka.com 
 
 
20 August 2025 
 
 
The Manager 
Company Announcements Office 
Australian Securities Exchange (“ASX”) 
 
REVISED SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
Please find attached a copy of the company’s revised Securities Trading Policy (“Policy”) lodged with 
the ASX in accordance with Listing Rule 12.10.  
A copy of the Policy is available in the Governance section of the company’s website 
www.iluka.com.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Nigel Tinley 
Joint Company Secretary 
This document was approved and authorised for release to the market by Iluka’s Board of Directors. 
Investor and media enquiries: 
 
Luke Woodgate 
General Manager, Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs 
Mobile: + 61 (0) 477 749 942 
Email: luke.woodgate@iluka.com 
For personal use only

 
This Policy has been approved by the                              
Board of Iluka Resources Limited (19 August 2025) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SECURITIES TRADING                            
POLICY   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
19 August 2025 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Iluka Resources Limited (ACN 008 675 018) 
CONTENTS 
 
INTRODUCTION ............................................................................................... 3 
1.1 
PURPOSE OF THE POLICY .................................................................................. 3 
1.2 
APPLICATION OF THE POLICY ............................................................................. 3 
1.3 
TRADING BY CONNECTED PERSONS ................................................................... 4 
 
BUYING AND SELLING THE COMPANY’S SECURITIES .............................. 4 
2.1 
GENERAL PROHIBITION – ALL EMPLOYEES .......................................................... 4 
2.2 
PROTECT REPUTATION IN THE MARKET PLACE – ALL EMPLOYEES ......................... 4 
2.3 
NO DEALING IN A CLOSED PERIOD – DIRECTORS AND RESTRICTED EMPLOYEES ... 5 
2.4 
EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES – DIRECTORS AND RESTRICTED EMPLOYEES ....... 5 
2.5 
REQUIREMENTS FOR CLEARANCE AND REPORTING .............................................. 6 
 
OTHER PROHIBITIONS APPLYING TO THE COMPANY’S SECURITIES..... 7 
3.1 
NO SHORT-TERM TRADING IN COMPANY SECURITIES ........................................... 7 
3.2 
DERIVATIVES, HEDGING AND MARGIN LENDING ARRANGEMENTS ........................... 7 
 
TRADING EXCLUDED FROM THE POLICY ................................................... 7 
 
RESPONSIBILITIES ......................................................................................... 8 
 
DEFINITIONS .................................................................................................... 8 
6.1 
SECURITIES ...................................................................................................... 8 
6.2 
INSIDER TRADING .............................................................................................. 8 
6.3 
INSIDE INFORMATION ......................................................................................... 9 
 
TRADING IN SECURITIES OF OTHER COMPANIES ................................... 10 
 
PENALTIES AND BREACHES OF THE POLICY .......................................... 10 
 
REVIEW .......................................................................................................... 11 
 
 
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
19 August 2025 
 
Page 3 of 11 
Iluka Resources Limited (ACN 008 675 018) 
 
Introduction 
1.1 Purpose of the Policy 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
• 
ensure that public confidence is maintained in the Company’s reputation, the 
Directors and employees of the Company and in the trading of the Company’s 
securities;  
• 
set out the Company’s policies and procedures for the buying and selling of 
Company securities by Directors and employees; and 
• 
recognise that some types of dealing in securities are prohibited by law.  
This Policy is separate from, and additional to, the requirements imposed by the law. 
In particular, this Policy addresses: 
(a) 
when trading in Company securities is prohibited;  
(b) 
the steps for Directors and employees to take to obtain clearance to trade in 
Company securities; 
(c) 
additional restrictions on dealing in the Company’s securities;   
(d) 
a description of what insider trading is; and 
(e) 
exceptions to the general policy. 
Directors and employees are encouraged to be long term holders of Company 
securities. However, it is important that care is taken in the timing of any buying or 
selling of such securities. 
1.2 Application of the Policy 
This Policy applies to the Directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. 
Certain aspects of this Policy apply only to Directors and Restricted Employees. 
Restricted Employees, for the purposes of this Policy, are: 
• 
the Executive; 
• 
all employees involved in preparing the Company’s statutory financial information; 
and 
• 
any other employee as determined by the Company Secretary and approved by 
the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer. 
 
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
19 August 2025 
 
Page 4 of 11 
Iluka Resources Limited (ACN 008 675 018) 
1.3 Trading by Connected Persons  
This Policy also extends to trading conducted by an associate, nominee or agent of a 
Director or employee (Connected Persons). This includes:  
• 
family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, the 
Director or employee in his or her dealings with the Company or the Company’s 
securities (this may include a spouse, partner, children or dependants); and  
• 
a company or any other entity that the Director or employee is able to control.  
Directors and employees must take appropriate steps to ensure that their Connected 
Persons only deal in securities in circumstances where the Director or employee to 
whom they are connected would be permitted to deal under this Policy – for example, 
by obtaining clearance in accordance with this Policy in respect of the Connected 
Persons’ dealings. 
If a Director or employee becomes aware that any of their Connected Persons have 
dealt in securities at a time when they were prohibited from doing so, they must 
immediately inform the Company Secretary. 
 
Buying and selling the Company’s securities 
2.1 General prohibition – All employees 
Directors and employees of the Company must not buy or sell securities in the 
Company when: 
• 
they are in possession of inside information; or 
• 
the Company has notified them that they must not deal in securities (either for a 
specified period, or until the Company gives further notice). 
There is an explanation of inside information, as well as some examples, in Section 6 of 
this Policy.  
2.2 Protect reputation in the market place – All employees 
It is important that public confidence in the Company is maintained. It would be 
damaging to the Company’s reputation if the market or the general public perceived 
that Directors and employees might be taking advantage of their position to make 
financial gains (by dealing in securities on the basis of inside information).  
Directors and employees must, in addition to considering whether they have inside 
information, consider whether their proposed conduct could create a negative market 
perception. 
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
19 August 2025 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Iluka Resources Limited (ACN 008 675 018) 
A useful question to ask is: If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, 
could my proposed transaction be perceived by the market as me (or my Connected 
Persons) taking advantage of my position in an inappropriate way? How would it look 
like if my transaction was reported on the front page of the Australian Financial 
Review?     
If the Director or employee is unsure, he or she should consult the Company Secretary. 
Where any approval is required for a dealing under this Policy, approval will not be 
granted where the dealing would not satisfy the test outlined above.  
2.3 No dealing in a Closed Period – Directors and Restricted Employees 
Directors and Restricted Employees must not deal in Company securities from: 
• 
the end of a quarter (March and September only); or 
• 
the end of a half financial year; or 
• 
the end of a financial year; or 
• 
any other period that the Board specifies from time to time (“Additional Closed 
Period”), 
to the time when one (1) business day has elapsed after the release of the relevant 
results, or to the end of a period specified by the Board respectively (“Closed Period”). 
Directors and Restricted Employees must not disclose to anyone that an Additional 
Closed Period is in effect. 
2.4 Exceptional circumstances – Directors and Restricted Employees 
A Director or Restricted Employee, who is not in possession of inside information in 
relation to Company securities, may be given clearance to sell (but not buy) Company 
securities during a Closed Period if there are exceptional circumstances.  
Exceptional circumstances may include: 
(a) 
where the Director or Restricted Employee is in severe financial hardship; or 
(b) 
the existence of a court order or enforceable undertaking, or some other 
overriding legal or regulatory requirement. 
If Directors and Restricted Employees wish to seek clearance to trade in exceptional 
circumstances, they must do so in accordance with the process set out in Section 2.5. 
Where a request for clearance to trade involves the consideration of exceptional 
circumstances justifying a sale as the only reasonable course of action, sufficient 
evidence (in the opinion of the person providing clearance) of those exceptional 
circumstances must accompany the relevant clearance request.   
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
19 August 2025 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Iluka Resources Limited (ACN 008 675 018) 
2.5 Requirements for clearance and reporting  
Prior to any proposed trade, Directors and Restricted Employees must seek approval 
for the proposed trade in the Company’s securities as follows: 
(a) 
the Chairman must inform the Company Secretary and obtain the written 
approval of the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee before dealing;  
(b) 
any Director must inform the Company Secretary and obtain the written 
approval of the Chairman before dealing; and 
(c) 
Restricted Employees and, where applicable, all other employees, must inform 
and obtain the written approval of the Company Secretary before dealing.  
When seeking approval, Directors and Restricted Employees must confirm that they are 
not in possession of inside information. All notifications and applications for approval 
must be in writing. 
The approver is not obliged to provide reasons for any aspect of their decision, and 
may revoke their approval at any time. If a request is not approved or an approval is 
revoked, that fact must be kept confidential. 
In the case of a Director seeking approval, the Chairman (or, where applicable, the 
Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee) will confirm with the Company Secretary 
that neither the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer nor the Company 
Secretary consider that any inside information exists.  
A request for approval to trade will be answered as soon as practicable. Clearance 
must not be given to trade in Company securities if to do so would be in breach of this 
Policy. Directors or Restricted Employees given clearance to trade must trade no more 
than two (2) business days from clearance being received, otherwise the approval is no 
longer effective and fresh approval must be sought.  
Approval under this Policy is not an endorsement of the trade. Personnel are 
responsible for their own compliance with the law. 
On completion of the transaction(s) (not settlement of the transaction) for which 
clearance has been obtained, the Director or Restricted Employee must notify the 
Company Secretary as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event by close of 
business on the following business day of the transaction) that the cleared transaction 
has been completed. 
As noted under Section 1.3 of this Policy, the requirement to obtain clearance extends 
to dealings conducted by a Connected Person. 
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
19 August 2025 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Iluka Resources Limited (ACN 008 675 018) 
 
Other prohibitions applying to the Company’s securities 
3.1 No short-term trading in Company securities 
Directors and employees must not engage in short-term trading of Company securities 
(i.e. buy and sell within a 12 month period) without prior written approval.   
Any proposed sale of Company securities less than 12 months after their acquisition 
must receive prior written clearance in accordance with the procedures set out in 
Section 2.5 of this Policy. 
Selling securities received following the vesting of entitlements under an employee, 
executive or Director equity plan within 12 months of the vesting date is not a short-
term dealing. 
Further, Directors and employees must not engage in short-selling of the Company’s 
securities. Short-selling involves borrowing and selling securities in the hope that they 
can be bought back at a lower price in the future to close out the short position at a 
profit. 
3.2 Derivatives, hedging and margin lending arrangements 
(a) 
Directors and employees must not at any time enter into a transaction (e.g. a 
derivative) that operates or is intended to operate to limit the economic risk of 
holdings of unvested Company securities or vested Company securities which 
are subject to a holding lock. 
(b) 
Key Management Personnel (KMP) must not at any time enter into a transaction 
that involves using Company securities as collateral in any financial transaction, 
including margin lending arrangements. 
 
Trading excluded from the Policy 
Some trading in Company securities by Directors or employees is excluded from the 
operation of certain provisions of this Policy. However, such trading remains subject to 
the insider trading rules in the Corporations Act.  
The following circumstances normally involve situations where the trading is passive, 
outside the Director’s or employee’s control, or where there is no underlying change in 
beneficial ownership, and are therefore excluded from the operation of Sections 2.3 (No 
dealing in a Closed Period), 2.5 (Requirements for clearance and reporting) and 3.1 
(No short term trading): 
(a) 
transfers of Company securities by a Director or employee into a 
superannuation fund or trust in which the Director or employee is a beneficiary; 
(b) 
trading under a pre-approved non-discretionary trading plan, where the Director 
or employee did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a Closed 
Period, the plan does not permit the Director or employee to exercise any 
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
19 August 2025 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Iluka Resources Limited (ACN 008 675 018) 
influence or discretion in relation to trading under the plan and the plan cannot 
be cancelled during a Closed Period, other than in exceptional circumstances; 
(c) 
a disposal of Company securities arising from the acceptance of a takeover 
offer, scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back; 
(d) 
a disposal of rights, or an acquisition of Company securities, under a pro rata 
issue; 
(e) 
acquisition of Company securities through a dividend reinvestment plan or share 
purchase plan available to all retail shareholders; 
(f) 
a disposal of securities of the Company that is the result of a secured lender 
exercising their rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement; and 
(g) 
an acquisition of Company securities under an employee, executive or director 
incentive or share matching scheme. 
 
Responsibilities 
The Company Secretary is responsible for: 
(a) 
maintaining this Policy in accordance with, at a minimum, the Listing Rules as 
amended from time to time;  
(b) 
ensuring strict compliance with the Policy; 
(c) 
keeping complete records of clearance requests, clearances and trading in 
Company securities by Directors and employees, including updating the 
Company’s register of Directors interests; 
(d) 
ensuring that the Policy is actively communicated to Directors and employees, 
both as part of the Company’s induction process and its ongoing training 
activities; and 
(e) 
ensuring that the Policy is available for inspection on the Company’s website.   
 
Definitions 
6.1 Securities 
A reference in this Policy to “securities” includes: shares; debentures; rights; options; 
warrants; exchange-traded options; contracts for difference; any other instrument or 
derivative in respect of the Company on issue from time to time; and any other 
instrument that is a “security” for the purposes of the insider trading provisions of the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).  
6.2 Insider trading 
In broad terms, the law provides that person who has inside information about a 
company (defined below) must not:  
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
19 August 2025 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Iluka Resources Limited (ACN 008 675 018) 
(a) 
buy or sell securities in a company, or enter into an agreement to buy or sell 
securities in a company, or exercise options over securities, or otherwise apply 
for, acquire or dispose of securities (deal); 
(b) 
procure (e.g. encourage) someone else to deal in securities in a company; or 
(c) 
directly or indirectly pass on that information to another person where they 
know, or ought reasonably to know, that that person would be likely to deal in 
the securities or procure (e.g. encourage) someone else to deal in the securities 
of that company. 
These restrictions apply to all securities, not just the Company’s securities. 
6.3 Inside information  
Inside information is information that: 
(a) 
is not generally available to the market; and 
(b) 
if it were generally available to the market, a reasonable person would expect it 
to have a material effect (upwards or downwards) on the price or value of a 
security (i.e. it is price sensitive).  
Examples of inside information 
To illustrate the prohibition described above, the following are examples of potential 
inside information which, if made available to the market, may be likely to affect 
materially the price or value of Company securities: 
(a) 
a transaction that will lead to a significant change in the nature or scale of the 
Company’s activities; 
(b) 
a material mineral discovery; 
(c) 
a material change to the Company’s mineral resources; 
(d) 
a material acquisition or disposal; 
(e) 
the granting or withdrawal of a material licence; 
(f) 
the entry into, variation or termination of a material agreement; 
(g) 
becoming a plaintiff or defendant in a material law suit; 
(h) 
the fact that the Company’s earnings will be materially different from market 
expectations; 
(i) 
the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or receiver; 
(j) 
the commission of an event of default under, or other event entitling a financier 
to terminate, a material financing facility; 
(k) 
under-subscriptions or over-subscriptions to an issue of securities; 
(l) 
giving or receiving a notice of intention to make a takeover; and 
(m) 
any rating applied by a rating agency to the Company or its securities and any 
change to such a rating. 
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
19 August 2025 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Iluka Resources Limited (ACN 008 675 018) 
This list is not exhaustive and there are many other examples of information that 
potentially could be price sensitive. Knowledge of the potential for or the likelihood of 
any of the matters listed above occurring should also be considered to be inside 
information for the purposes of this Policy. 
For these purposes, “information” extends beyond pure matters of fact and includes 
matters of opinion and intention. It is not limited to information that is generated by, or 
sourced from within, the Company, nor is it limited to information that is financial in 
character or that is measurable in financial terms.  
 
Trading in securities of other Companies 
Whilst the Policy does not prescribe restrictions on trading in the securities of other 
entities (other than in accordance with the general prohibition on insider trading set out 
in Section 2.1), Directors and employees should be alert to the likelihood of coming into 
possession of inside information in respect of the securities of other listed entities as a 
consequence of the Company’s commercial activities. 
If intending to trade in the securities of the Company’s commercial partners, Directors 
and employees should actively consider whether they may in fact be in possession of 
inside information in respect of the relevant commercial partner and, if in any doubt as 
to the legality or propriety of the proposed transaction, seek advice from the Company 
Secretary. 
Given the reputational risk to the Company if misconduct occurs in these 
circumstances, Directors and employees should always err on the side of caution in 
assessing the nature of their knowledge. 
Directors and employees are reminded that the insider trading prohibition extends to 
the passing on of inside information to a third party that would be likely to buy or sell the 
relevant securities – this prohibition applies to information in respect of the Company’s 
commercial partners to the same extent as it applies to inside information regarding the 
Company. 
 
Penalties and breaches of the Policy 
Insider trading is a criminal offence. The criminal penalties for a breach of the insider 
trading prohibition include large fines and/or jail terms. 
In addition, the insider trader, and any other persons involved in the contravention, may 
also be liable to compensate third parties for any resulting loss. 
A breach of the Policy will be regarded very seriously and will be addressed using the 
procedures for addressing breaches in Company policy. It may lead to disciplinary 
action being taken against the individual, including the possibility of dismissal and 
forfeiture or lapsing of securities. If you are an employee, adherence to the Policy is a 
term of your employment. 
For personal use only

SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
19 August 2025 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Iluka Resources Limited (ACN 008 675 018) 
 
Review 
The Board will periodically review this Policy to ensure it remains effective.  
 
__________________________ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only
