 
 
Level 3, 88 Cumberland Street  
The Rocks NSW 2000, Australia 
P  1300 132 946 
E  investor@ingeniacommunities.com.au 
ingeniacommunities.com.au 
 
8 April 2021 
 
Personal Trading Policy 
Ingenia Communities Group (ASX:INA) (Group) advises that, in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 
12.10, that the Group has revised its Personal Trading Policy with effect from 6 April 2021.  
A copy of the Group’s Personal Trading Policy is attached and can be found on the Group’s website at 
www.ingeniacommunities.com.au 
 
Authorised for lodgement by the Company Secretary. 
 
ENDS 
 
 
For further information please contact: 
Donna Byrne 
General Manager Investor Relations 
P 
02 8263 0507 
M 
0401 711 542 
 
About Ingenia Communities Group 
Ingenia Communities Group (ASX: INA) is a leading operator, owner and developer of communities offering quality affordable 
rental and holiday accommodation focussed on the growing seniors’ market in Australia. Listed on the Australian Securities 
Exchange, the Group is included in the S&P/ASX 200 and has a market capitalisation of over $1.6 billion. 
Across Ingenia Lifestyle, Ingenia Gardens, Ingenia Holidays and Ingenia Rental, the Group has 80 communities and is continuing 
to grow through acquisition and development. 
Ingenia Communities Holdings Limited (ACN 154 444 925), Ingenia Communities Fund (ASRN 107 459 576) and Ingenia Communities Management Trust (ARSN 122 
928 410). The Responsible Entity for each scheme is Ingenia Communities RE Limited (ACN 154 464 990) (AFSL415862).   
 
ASX / MEDIA RELEASE
For personal use only

Personal Trading Policy 
Page 1 
Last Revised: V4.2 March 21 
 
 
 
1.0 
Purpose 
 
Ingenia Communities (Ingenia or Group) expects its directors and employees to act with integrity and 
transparency at all times as outlined in Ingenia’s Code of Conduct. Particular care must be exercised 
when trading in INA securities as Ingenia directors and employees are more likely to have access to 
confidential or inside information which could appear to give them an advantage over other security 
holders. 
 
The purpose is to set out the policy and procedures in place for all employees and the additional 
requirements for the those deemed ‘Designated Persons’, this includes associates and family members 
of the Designated Persons who wish to deal in INA securities. It also provides an overview of insider 
trading prohibitions in relation to dealing in securities in general. 
 
This policy, including the Insider Trading Prohibitions, should be read in conjunction with Ingenia’s 
Continuous Disclosure Policy. Together they outline the Continuous Disclosure regime that has been 
adopted by Ingenia and is in accordance with ASX Listing Rules and Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
(Corporations Act) requirements. 
 
2.0 Scope 
 
Whilst this policy including the insider trading prohibitions applies to all directors and employees of the 
Group, additional requirements apply for the Designated Persons who are outlined below: 
 
a) all Directors (being directors of Ingenia Communities Holding Limited and its subsidiaries, the 
Eighth Gate Funds Management group of companies and the Sungenia group of companies); 
b) “Executives” (defined as members of the senior executive committee); 
c) all staff in the Sydney head office & Brisbane support offices (this includes onsite support staff 
i.e. Operations Managers); and 
d) any other staff member who is notified that they are subject to this policy by the CEO, CFO or 
the Company Secretary. 
 
A register of the ‘Designated Persons’ will be maintained by the Group Risk and Compliance Manager. 
 
At the commencement of appointment or employment, all employees must sign a declaration that they 
will abide by this policy. 
 
2.0 
Principles and Objectives of the Policy 
 
In formulating the policy, the following principles have been applied and must be observed by all 
employees: 
 
• 
The interests of investors must always be placed first; 
• 
Any activity that may be reasonably construed as posing an actual or potential conflict between 
personal interest and duty to investors must be disclosed and avoided and be seen to be 
avoided; 
For personal use only

Personal Trading Policy 
Page 2 
Last Revised: V4.2 March 21 
 
 
 
• 
No inappropriate advantage is to be taken as a result of a person's fiduciary or other position; 
and 
• 
Employees must not act on price sensitive information (that is, they must not deal in any way 
with securities) unless that information is openly available in the market. 
 
If there are any questions in relation to an employee’s obligation under this policy please contact the 
Group Risk and Compliance Manager, the Chief Financial Officer or the Company Secretary. 
 
3.0 
Insider Trading Prohibitions 
 
Anyone who has price-sensitive information about the Group’s securities which isn't generally available 
to the market (Inside Information), must not use this information in deciding whether or not to buy or sell 
those securities or other securities on their own account or on behalf of others, including trading in 
company securities or on behalf of a trust. In addition, they must not give this Inside Information to 
anybody else, including clients and fellow employees. This is known as “Tipping” see 3.1. 
Insider Trading activities are strictly prohibited by Law. A person who possesses Inside Information as 
defined below must not use that information to: 
 
a) Directly or indirectly deal in (that is, apply for, acquire or dispose of) financial products or enter 
into an agreement to do so; 
b) Procure another person (e.g. family or associate) to apply for, acquire or dispose of financial 
products; or 
c) Directly or indirectly communicate, or cause to be communicated, Inside Information to another 
person if you know, or ought reasonably to know, the person would use that information to 
engage in activities specified in a) or b) above. 
 
The prohibitions also apply to the application for, grant, exercise or transfer of an option over securities. 
 
3.1 
What is Inside Information? 
 
Inside Information is information that is not generally available and which, if it were generally available, a 
reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of financial products. 
 
It doesn’t matter how or in what capacity an employee became aware of the Inside Information. It 
doesn’t have to have come from the entity directly to constitute Inside Information. “Tipping”, or providing 
non-public price sensitive information to another person, including customers and business partners, is 
also prohibited by law. 
 
Information is regarded as being likely to have a material effect if it would, or if it would be likely to, 
influence persons who commonly invest in securities or other traded financial products in deciding 
whether or not to deal in those financial products. 
For personal use only

Personal Trading Policy 
Page 3 
Last Revised: V4.2 March 21 
 
 
 
 
Examples of information in this context include but are not limited to: 
 
• 
The financial performance of a listed entity against budget; 
• 
Changes in an entity’s actual or anticipated financial condition or business performance; 
• 
Changes to the Board of Directors or significant changes in senior management; 
• 
Material acquisitions or sales of assets; 
• 
Proposed changes in the nature of the business of an entity; 
• 
A proposed dividend or other distribution or change in dividend policy; 
• 
A material claim against an entity or other unexpected liability; and 
• 
Matters of supposition that are not sufficiently definite to warrant being made known to the public 
at this time. 
 
3.2 
When is information generally available? 
 
Information is generally available if: 
 
1. It consists of readily observable matters or deductions, for example: 
a) A change in legislation which will affect the entity’s ability to make certain types of 
investments; or 
b) A severe downturn in the global securities or real estate market. 
 
2. It is publishable information, that: 
a) Has been brought to the attention of investors and the market through an announcement to 
the ASX or similarly brought to the attention of persons who commonly invest in financial 
products of a kind whose price might be affected by the information; and 
b) Since it was made known, a reasonable period has elapsed for it to be disseminated among 
such persons. 
 
3. 
It consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from either the information 
provided in (1) or information made known in point (2) (a). 
 
3.3 
Financial Products 
 
The Insider Trading provisions only apply to financial products that can be traded on a financial market, 
including: 
 
• 
Securities 
• 
Derivatives 
• 
Options 
• 
Warrants 
• 
Futures 
• 
Forward Contracts 
• 
Swaps 
• 
Interests in a Management Investment Scheme 
For personal use only

Personal Trading Policy 
Page 4 
Last Revised: V4.2 March 21 
 
 
 
3.4 
Family Members and Associates 
 
Designated Persons must comply with the provisions of this policy if a family member or associate 
intends to deal in any way with interests in Ingenia and they have effective control over the dealing. 
They should make any such family members or associates aware of this policy and encourage them to 
abide by it. For the purposes of this policy family members are members of the immediate family – 
spouse or de facto spouse, parents, children and the spouse or de facto spouse of these people where 
the Designated Person has effective control over their dealing. 
 
Employees must not communicate non-public price sensitive information to their family members or 
associates (including corporations and trusts). 
 
3.5 
Sanctions / Consequences 
 
The Corporations Act prohibits Insider Trading and imposes heavy penalties for any individual caught 
undertaking Insider Trading. All employees should be aware that they have a personal liability and 
obligations under the law in addition to any obligations outlined in this policy. 
 
Breach of the Insider Trading laws may subject you to: 
 
• 
Criminal liability – penalties include heavy fines and imprisonment; and 
• 
Civil liability – you can be sued by another party or the company for any loss suffered as a result 
of illegal trading activities. 
 
Breach of the law or this policy will be regarded as serious misconduct, which may lead to disciplinary 
action or dismissal. 
 
4.0 
Personal Trading Policy 
 
4.1 
General Rule for Trading 
 
Trading by Designated Persons in INA securities may be done at any time with prior approval other than 
the Closed Periods listed below. 
 
No trading is permitted for Designated Persons during the following periods (Closed Periods), except in 
exceptional circumstances: 
 
• 
From 1 January until the day after of the release of half yearly results; and 
• 
From 1 July until the day after of the release of the final annual results. 
 
The Ingenia Board in consultation with Management may at its discretion designate additional closed 
periods where no trading in the Group’s securities will be permitted. 
 
To assist Designated Persons in determining when they may apply for approval to trade in INA 
securities, an email will be sent by the Group Risk and Compliance Manager detailing the beginning and 
end of a closed period. 
For personal use only

Personal Trading Policy 
Page 5 
Last Revised: V4.2 March 21 
 
 
 
4.2 
Exclusions to the General Rule for Trading 
 
4.2.1 Exercising Entitlement Offers in Ingenia Communities Group Securities 
 
Provided the election to participate (or amend participation) in any INA securities entitlement offer (for 
example, rights issues, Distribution Reinvestment Plans (DRPs) or Security Purchase Plans (SPPs) is 
made at a time when a person is not in possession of any non-public price sensitive information, 
Designated Persons will not require pre-approval to participate in such entitlement offers. 
 
Directors must notify the Company Secretary so the appropriate disclosures can be made to the 
Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and Designated Persons are required to update their personal 
register of interests. 
 
4.2.2 Transferring of Existing Holdings Within a Wholly Owned Group 
 
The transfer of securities within what can be considered a wholly owned group, including individual 
direct family members and between entities controlled by direct family members, is excluded from the 
authorisation process outlined in Clause 4.10 of this policy. 
 
Directors must notify the Company Secretary of such transfers so the appropriate disclosures can be 
made to the ASX. 
 
4.2.3 Vesting of Incentives 
 
The vesting and subsequent exercise (but not the sale of securities of the Company following exercise) 
of an option or a performance right under an employee incentive scheme for a Designated Person is 
excluded from the general rule prohibiting trading in a Closed Period and does not require authorisation 
under this policy. The sale of securities by a Designated Person after exercise is subject to prohibition 
on trading in a Closed Period and is subject to the authorization process outlined in Section 4.10 of this 
policy. 
 
4.3 
Investing in Securities of other Companies and A-REITS 
 
Ingenia forms part of the A-REIT sector. At times Ingenia may transact or engage in Board or 
Management discussion around the intention to transact with other funds and companies within the 
sector or receive information about them which may not be publicly available. 
 
If Designated Persons have price-sensitive information that is not generally available to the market in 
relation to another company that Ingenia is transacting with or where there are preliminary internal 
discussions about transacting with, they must not deal in securities of that company. 
 
If in any doubt about whether trading in shares of another A-REIT or competitor is permitted, the CFO or 
the Company Secretary should be consulted. 
For personal use only

Personal Trading Policy 
Page 6 
Last Revised: V4.2 March 21 
 
 
 
4.4 
Self-Managed Super Funds and Investment Companies 
 
This policy extends to self-managed super funds and investment companies where the Designated 
Person has a direct influence over the investment process. In this case, necessary approvals will need 
to be obtained through the usual channels when purchasing INA securities or securities otherwise 
covered in this policy, such as competitors or business partners. 
 
This policy does not apply to investments in managed funds where the Designated Person has no direct 
influence over the investment decisions. 
 
4.5 
Exclusion List 
 
From time to time, discussions may take place at Board meetings regarding specific fund managers 
and/or listed property trusts. As Ingenia Board members and other meeting attendees may be privy to 
market sensitive information during these discussions, the Chairman may at their discretion decide to 
place these entities on an exclusion list whereby all directors and other meeting attendees will be 
prohibited from trading in these entities. Any entities that have been placed on the exclusion list will be 
minuted in the Ingenia Board meeting minutes. 
 
Designated Persons (and their associates) may not invest directly in unlisted funds where the Group is 
the manager or operator. 
 
The Chairman will at their discretion decide when to remove these entities from the exclusion list. 
 
4.6 
Short Term Trading 
 
Designated Persons may not engage in short term or speculative dealing at any time. Any purchase of 
INA securities triggers a 90-day holding period when those interests may not be sold. 
 
4.7 
Short Selling Activity 
 
Designated Persons may not engage in short selling with INA securities at any time. 
 
4.8 
Hedging 
 
Designated Persons may not: 
 
(a) 
enter into transactions or arrangements with anyone which could have the effect of limiting their 
exposure to risk relating to an element of their remuneration that: 
• has not vested; or 
• has vested but remains subject to a holding lock; or 
(b) 
deal at any time in financial products associated with Ingenia’s securities, except for a type of 
dealing permitted by law or a permitted dealing under this policy. 
For personal use only

Personal Trading Policy 
Page 7 
Last Revised: V4.2 March 21 
 
 
 
4.9 
Margin Loans and Similar Financing Arrangements 
 
Directors and Executives may not enter into margin loans or similar financing facilities using INA 
securities (either solely or as part of a portfolio). 
 
4.10 
Approval and Notification Process 
 
Subject at all times to not being in possession of Inside Information in relation to the relative financial 
products, all Designated Persons may deal in INA securities during Open Periods, with the following 
prior approval: - 
 
• 
Ingenia Directors and the CEO must request approval to deal from the Chair of the Board and 
inform the Company Secretary; 
• 
The Chair of the Board must request approval to deal from two other Independent Directors and 
inform the Company Secretary; and 
• 
All other Designated Persons must submit a Personal Trading Form to the Group Risk and 
Compliance Manager requesting approval from the Ingenia CFO or in their absence the 
Company Secretary If the Designated Person disagrees with the decision of the CFO or the 
Company Secretary, they may lodge an appeal with the Ingenia CEO whose decision will be 
final. 
 
All trading requests, approved or declined, must be provided by the Company Secretary or CFO to the 
Group Risk and Compliance Manager for retention in the central register. 
 
The Approving Officer will notify the person requesting approval within 48 hours if approval has been 
granted. During an Open Period, approval will not be denied unless the Approving Officer has grounds 
to believe that the requestor is in possession of information which could be considered Inside 
Information or the appearance thereof. 
 
If consent is given, the approved trade must then be completed within five (5) business days and 
confirmation must be provided to the approving officer whether the deal has been completed or not. If 
the trade cannot be completed within the prescribed period, a further approval must be obtained. 
 
4.11 
Trading with Permission – Exceptions 
 
In exceptional circumstances, Designated Persons who are not in possession of inside information, may 
be granted prior approval to sell or otherwise dispose of securities during a Closed Period or on a short- 
term basis where there is severe financial hardship or there are other exceptional circumstances. 
 
Severe financial hardship is considered to be where individuals are unable to satisfy a pressing financial 
commitment otherwise than by selling the relevant securities. 
 
The determination as to whether circumstances qualify as exceptional and the dealing in securities 
therefore approved can only be made by the Chairman for directors, two non-executive Directors in the 
case of the Chairman and with the CEO for all other Designated Persons. 
For personal use only

Personal Trading Policy 
Page 8 
Last Revised: V4.2 March 21 
 
 
 
In the interests of expediency and an informed determination, any application for an exemption allowing 
the sale of Group securities in a Closed Period based on financial hardship must be made in advance of 
the transaction, must be in writing, be accompanied by a statutory declaration stating all the facts and be 
accompanied by copies of relevant supporting documentation. Permission granted for a sale in 
exceptional circumstances will be provided in writing and will state the time period for which the sale of 
securities can be made. 
 
4.12 
Register of Trades and Interests Held 
 
A copy of the completed and signed Personal Trading Approval Form and any supporting email 
communication will be given to the Group Risk and Compliance Manager and retained in a register of 
Personal Trading Forms. The Group Risk and Compliance Manager will confirm the Company Secretary 
is notified of all trading by directors. 
 
The Company Secretary maintains a Directors’ and Executives Holding Register. Directors and 
Executives are asked to confirm these details on a regular basis. 
 
Directors and Executives will be required to confirm their security holdings in Ingenia annually at 30 
June. In addition, the agenda of Ingenia Board meetings includes a “Register of Director Security 
holding” and a “Register of Director Interests” as standing items to act as a convenient reminder for 
Directors to lodge changes with the Company Secretary between formal register updates. Directors’ 
disclosure should include any interest the Director believes could be perceived as a conflict of interest. 
 
5.0 
Continuous Disclosure 
 
5.1 
Disclosure of Directors’ Interests 
 
ASX listing rules require an entity to disclose directors’ interests in related securities. Ingenia is required 
to: 
• 
Disclose interests held by the directors in the Ingenia Communities Group using an Appendix 
3X within 5 business days of the director’s appointment to the Board of an Ingenia Communities 
Group Company; and 
• 
Notify a change in the director’s interests in the Ingenia Communities Group using an Appendix 
3Y within 5 business days of the change, including when the director first acquires an interest. 
 
Furthermore, on the date that a director ceases to be a director of an Ingenia Communities Group 
company, an entity must complete an Appendix 3Z and notify the ASX within 5 business days after the 
director ceases to be a director. 
 
In accordance with Listing Rule 3.19B, the Group has made arrangements with each director to ensure 
that the director promptly discloses to the Company Secretary all the information required by the ASX. 
 
In addition, the ASX Listing Rules require the disclosure by listed companies in Appendix 3Ys of 
instances where trading by directors occurred during a Closed Period where prior written clearance was 
required, and if so, whether that clearance was provided. 
For personal use only

Personal Trading Policy 
Page 9 
Last Revised: V4.2 March 21 
 
 
 
The Company Secretary will prepare an announcement to the ASX of any change in directors’ interests 
and arrange for the appropriate disclosure within 5 business days of any trade taking place. 
 
5.2 
Confidential Information Disclosure 
 
In addition to the application of the Insider Trading prohibitions, all employees are bound by a duty of 
confidentiality in relation to information about Ingenia, and any other information they may obtain in the 
course of their duties. Employees may only share confidential information when it is necessary for the 
execution of those duties or otherwise required by law or regulation. 
 
6.0   Administration 
 
The Board will review this policy from time to time and at least annually. This policy may be amended by 
resolution of the Board. A copy of this policy will be available on Ingenia’s website and intranet. Key 
features will be published in the Corporate Governance Statement. It will be distributed to all employees 
and it is the responsibility of each employee to ensure they read and understand the policy. 
 
Any queries or questions regarding this policy can be directed to the Group Risk & Compliance Manager 
or the Company Secretary. 
For personal use only

Personal Trading Policy 
Page 10 
Last Revised: V4.2 March 21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PERSONAL TRADING APPROVAL FORM 
 
Name of employee 
Name of security holding 
Approval to buy or sell 
Number of securities 
Dollar value 
Security: 
Ingenia 
Other (stock name) 
Will the trade lead to a conflict or 
potential conflict? 
Is the trade for a SMSF or Investment 
Company? 
Have you pledged INA securities for a 
margin 
loan 
/ 
similar 
funding 
arrangement? 
 
I am not in possession of any price sensitive information which could reasonably be expected to have a material effect 
on the price or value of the security if it was available. 
 
Signature 
Date and Time 
Permission 
GRANTED / NOT GRANTED by 
Signature 
Date and Time 
*Once approved, you have five (5) business days to complete the transaction. If not completed within this 
timeframe, you will need to seek further approval. Please confirm to the Company Secretary when the transaction is 
completed and return completed form to the Company Secretary who will liaise with the Group Risk and Compliance 
Manager. 
  
SCHEDULE A 
For personal use only
