 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17 June 2026 
Updated Securities Trading Policy 
 
IPH Limited (IPH) advises that it has adopted an updated Securities Trading Policy, effective 16 
June 2026. 
 
A copy of the updated policy is attached to this announcement, in accordance with ASX Listing 
Rule 12.10, and is also available on IPH’s website at www.iphlimited.com. 
For more information, please contact: 
 
Martin Cole 
Capital Markets Communications 
T. +61 403 332 977 
 
Authorised for release to ASX by: 
The Company Secretary of IPH 
 
About IPH Limited 
IPH is the leading intellectual property services group, comprising a network of member firms 
operating out of 27 offices and servicing more than 25 IP jurisdictions. The group includes 
leading IP firms AJ Park, Applied Marks, Griffith Hack, Pizzeys, ROBIC, Smart & Biggar and 
Spruson & Ferguson. IPH employs more than 1,700 employees working in Australia, Canada, 
China, Hong Kong SAR, Indonesia, Malaysia, New Zealand, The Philippines, Singapore and 
Thailand. 
For personal use only

 
 
iphlimited.com 
IPH Limited 
Securities Trading 
Policy 
ACN 169 015 838 
 
For personal use only

 
IPH Limited Securities Trading Policy 
Page 2 
1. Purpose 
This Securities Trading Policy (Policy) sets out the restrictions on dealing in securities of IPH Limited 
(Company).  The purpose of this Policy is to assist directors, officers, employees and contractors of the 
Company and its controlled entities (IPH Personnel) to comply with insider trading laws and set out when IPH 
Personnel may trade in Company securities. 
2. Scope 
This Policy applies to all IPH Personnel and their associated parties.  There are additional restrictions that 
apply to IPH Personnel who, from time to time, may be in possession of inside information relating to the 
Company. 
3. Insider Trading 
Inside Information 
Insider trading is the practice of dealing in any company’s securities by anybody in possession of ‘inside 
information’.  It may also include the passing of this information to another or procuring another person to deal 
in the securities. 
‘Inside Information’ is information that is: 
(a) 
not generally available; and 
(b) 
if the information was generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect 
on the price or value of a company’s securities. 
Generally, the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) prohibits a person who is in possession of 
Inside Information from using that information to trade in securities. 
The Corporations Act imposes severe civil and criminal penalties on individuals and corporations who conduct 
insider trading activities. 
No dealing while in possession of Inside Information 
IPH Personnel and their Associated Parties (defined below) who are in possession of Inside Information 
relating to the Company must not: 
(a) 
deal (or deal on behalf of a third party) in any Company securities; 
(b) 
advise, procure or encourage another person to deal in Company securities; or 
(c) 
communicate Inside Information relating to the Company to others who may deal in Company securities. 
Associated Parties 
IPH Personnel have a personal responsibility to ensure that their ‘Associated Parties’ comply with the terms 
of this Policy (including, without limitation, the Trading Windows set out in section (b) and, if relevant, the 
clearance requirements set in section 5). 
For personal use only

 
IPH Limited Securities Trading Policy 
Page 3 
Associated Parties refers to individuals or entities closely associated with IPH Personnel and includes (but 
is not limited to): 
(a) 
family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, the IPH Personnel in their 
dealings with Company securities, including (but not limited to): 
(i) 
spouse or partner; 
(ii) 
children or children of their partner; and 
(iii) 
dependents or dependents of their partners; and 
(b) 
any family trust, super fund, company or other entity over which the IPH Personnel (or their Associated 
Party described in paragraph (a) above): 
(i) 
has the ability to exercise control or significant influence; or 
(ii) 
is a beneficiary. 
4. Trading Windows 
In addition to the insider trading provisions set out in section 3 above, IPH Personnel and their Associated 
Parties are only permitted to deal in the Company’s securities during the following periods (Trading Windows): 
(a) 
each period commencing at the beginning of trade on the trading day following the day the Company 
releases its annual financial statements to ASX and ending four weeks later; 
(b) 
each period commencing at the beginning of trade on the trading day following the day the Company 
releases its half-yearly financial statements to ASX and ending four weeks later; and 
(c) 
each period commencing at the beginning of trade on the trading day following the day the Company 
holds its annual general meeting and ending four weeks later. 
Restricted Persons (as defined in section 6 below) are subject to additional restrictions under this Policy, 
including obtaining written clearance before dealing in any securities. 
The Board has an absolute discretion to place an embargo on Restricted Persons, other IPH Personnel and/or 
their respective Associated Parties trading in the Company’s securities or limit the Trading Windows at any 
time. 
5. Dealings by Restricted Persons 
Restricted Persons 
Restricted Persons are people who regularly have access to sensitive Company information due to their 
position within the IPH Limited group (IPH Group). 
Restricted Persons include: 
(a) 
the Directors of the Company; 
(b) 
any member of the Executive Leadership Team; 
(c) 
any Managing Director or Chief Executive Officer of an IPH Group member firm; 
(d) 
the Company Secretary of the Company; 
For personal use only

 
IPH Limited Securities Trading Policy 
Page 4 
(e) 
any employees of IPH Limited (including any member of the IPH Group finance team); and 
(f) 
any other IPH Personnel who have access to Inside Information relating to the Company as specified 
from time to time and who have been advised by the Company Secretary that they are subject to special 
restrictions under this Policy. 
Clearance Requirements 
Before dealing in Company securities, Restricted Persons and their Associated Parties must first obtain written 
clearance from the relevant ‘Authorising Officer’ as set out below: 
Restricted Person 
Authorising Officer 
Chairman of the Board 
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee 
(copied to the Company Secretary) 
Other Directors, the Executive Leadership Team and 
the Company Secretary 
Chairman of the Board 
(copied to the Company Secretary) 
Any other Restricted Persons 
Company Secretary 
Restricted Persons and their Associated Parties must not deal in the Company’s securities until written 
approval has been given by the relevant Authorising Officer.  This obligation operates at all times (whether the 
Trading Window is open or not). 
A request for clearance must be made to the relevant Authorising Officer in writing and include the following 
information: 
(a) 
name of Shareholder (if the trade is to be completed by an Associated Party, their name and relationship 
to the Restricted Person); 
(b) 
type of proposed trade (buy, sell, etc.); 
(c) 
proposed date of trade; and 
(d) 
number of securities to be traded. 
If clearance is granted, the transaction must be initiated within five trading days and completed without delay.  
If the transaction is not initiated within five trading days, then a new request for clearance must be made. 
The Company Secretary will keep a written record of any request for clearance by IPH Personnel, along with 
any clearance or refusal to grant clearance given under this Policy. 
6. Exceptions 
Exceptional Circumstances 
If a member of the IPH Personnel wishes to sell or otherwise dispose of the Company’s securities when a 
Trading Window is not operating, that person must obtain the prior written consent of the relevant Authorising 
Officer. 
For personal use only

 
IPH Limited Securities Trading Policy 
Page 5 
The IPH Personnel member must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Authorising Officer that they are in 
severe financial hardship or that their circumstances are otherwise exceptional and that the proposed sale or 
disposal of the securities is the only reasonable course of action available. 
Examples of exceptional circumstances include: 
(a) 
severe financial hardship (including a pressing financial commitment that cannot otherwise be satisfied); 
(b) 
a court order; 
(c) 
a court enforceable undertaking in a bona fide family settlement; 
(d) 
some other overriding legal or regulatory requirement to transfer or sell shares in the Company; or 
(e) 
other circumstances that may be deemed exceptional by the Chairman of the Board. 
What constitutes ‘exceptional circumstances’ will be determined on a case-by-case basis at the Authorising 
Officer’s absolute discretion.  For the avoidance of doubt, if a member of the IPH Personnel is in possession 
of Inside Information, an Authorising Officer will not grant consent. 
Where clearance to deal outside the Trading Windows is provided by the Authorising Officer it must be 
provided in writing and shall be valid for any dealings occurring within 5 business days of such clearance being 
given. 
Exceptions 
IPH Personnel may engage in the following types of dealings outside of a Trading Window, subject to the 
insider trading provisions: 
(a) 
(beneficial ownership) transactions that do not alter the beneficial ownership of Company securities (e.g. 
transferring a personal holding of Company securities to a self-managed superannuation fund); 
(b) 
(third-party discretion) investing in or trading units of a fund or other scheme (excluding schemes that 
invest solely in Company securities) where a third party has discretionary control over the fund or 
scheme’s assets; 
(c) 
(takeover) disposing of Company securities as a result of a scheme of arrangement or acceptance of a 
takeover offer; 
(d) 
(rights issues and equal access buybacks) participating in an offer or invitation extended to all or most 
of the Company’s shareholders, such as a rights issue or equal access buy-back, where the Board has 
approved the plan determining the offer’s timing and structure; 
(e) 
(share purchase and dividend reinvestment plans) acquiring Company securities through a share 
purchase plan or dividend reinvestment plan, provided that Restricted Persons do not initiate or modify 
their participation in the dividend reinvestment plan outside a Trading Window (except in exceptional 
circumstances and with prior written clearance); and 
(f) 
(incentive scheme) exercising (but not selling Company securities after exercise) an option, right or 
other security under a Company employee incentive scheme. 
For personal use only

 
IPH Limited Securities Trading Policy 
Page 6 
7. Hedging 
A Restricted Person must not enter into hedging arrangements with respect to securities in the Company 
(including any shares, options and rights). Hedging arrangements include entering into transactions in financial 
products that operate to limit the economic risk associated with holding securities in the Company. 
8. Margin Loans 
A Restricted Person must not include their Company securities in a margin loan portfolio or otherwise deal in 
securities in the Company pursuant to a margin lending arrangement.  Such dealing would include: 
(a) 
entering into a margin lending arrangement in respect of securities in the Company; 
(b) 
transferring securities in the Company into an existing margin loan account; and 
(c) 
selling securities in the Company to satisfy a call pursuant to a margin loan. 
9. ASX Notifications 
The Corporations Act requires a Director to notify the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) within five 
business days after any dealing in the Company’s securities which results in a change in the relevant interests 
of a member of the Board in the Company’s securities.  The Company will notify the ASX on behalf of a 
member of the Board upon notification of a dealing by a Director. 
Directors must provide notice of such dealings to the Company Secretary as soon as possible after such 
dealing (and, in any case, no more than two days afterwards) to enable the Company to comply with its 
obligations under the ASX Listing Rules. 
10. Other Entities’ Securities 
In general, IPH Personnel are free to deal in securities in other listed companies.  However, a member of the 
IPH Personnel may learn ‘Inside Information’ or price sensitive information about other companies in client 
relationships or while negotiating contracts.  IPH Personnel who have possession of Inside Information relating 
to any entity must not deal in the securities of that entity, no matter how they came into possession of the 
Inside Information.  They also must not advise, procure or encourage another person to deal in the securities 
of that entity or communicate Inside Information to others who may deal in those securities. 
11. Breach of this Policy 
Breaching this Policy may result in disciplinary action, including termination of employment / engagement.  
Additionally, a breach of this Policy may also contravene insider trading laws or other laws. 
For personal use only

 
IPH Limited Securities Trading Policy 
Page 7 
12. Review 
The Board will review this Policy at least every three years or more frequently as may be required from time 
to time to ensure that it accords with best practise and remains consistent with its objectives. 
The Policy may be amended from time to time by resolution of the Board. 
Date Reviewed 
June 2026 
Next Review 
June 2029 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
ABN 49 169 015 838 
Level 22, Tower 2 
Darling Park, 201 Sussex St  
Sydney NSW 2000, Australia 
Mail to: GPO Box 3898 
Sydney 2001, Australia 
P. +61 2 9393 0301 
F. +61 2 9261 5486 
info@iphlimited.com 
iphlimited.com
For personal use only
