JB HI-FI LIMITED 
60 CITY ROAD 
SOUTHBANK, VIC 3006 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
ASX Market Announcements Office 
Australian Securities Exchange 
 
30 October 2024 
 
Revised Securities Trading Policy 
In accordance with Listing Rule 12.10, please find attached for release to the 
Market JB Hi-Fi Limited’s revised Securities Trading Policy which took effect on 29 
October 2024. 
 
 
Authorised by the Board. 
 
 
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 1 of 15 
JB Hi-Fi Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
1. 
Introduction and scope of this Policy 
Purpose and objectives 
1.1 
This document sets out the securities trading policy (Policy) of JB Hi-Fi Limited (the 
Company) on Dealing in Securities (and in particular, Dealing in JB Hi-Fi's Securities). 
1.2 
The Company seeks to promote security holder and general market confidence in the 
Company. The Directors and Employees of the JB Hi-Fi Group (including the employees 
of the companies carrying on the JB Hi-Fi, The Good Guys and E&S businesses) are 
therefore required to conduct their personal investment activity in a manner that is lawful 
and avoids conflicts of interest between the Director’s or Employee's personal interests 
and those of the Company and its businesses. 
1.3 
The Policy is specifically designed to raise awareness, avoid any breach of the law and 
minimise the possibility of any misunderstanding or suspicion arising from Directors or 
Employees trading in the Company's Securities. The Policy also aims to assist the 
Company in its disclosure and reporting requirements. 
1.4 
This Policy is compromised of 4 sections: 
(a) 
Section 1 – Introduction and scope of this Policy. 
(b) 
Section 2 – The insider trading prohibition – compliance with the law. 
(c) 
Section 3 – JB Hi-Fi's Securities Trading Policy (the Company's policy relating to 
a Key Person’s ability to Deal in Securities). 
(d) 
Section 4 – Glossary/key terms and definitions used in this Policy. 
Application of the Policy – Who does the Policy apply to? 
1.5 
The Company has adopted this Policy which applies to all of the JB Hi-Fi Group’s Key 
Persons and Employees. The Policy also applies to any contractor or consultant 
specified by the Company Secretary. By virtue of their role and position within the JB Hi-
Fi Group, Key Persons need to take particular care in relation to Dealings in JB Hi-Fi's 
Securities due to the potential for adverse public perceptions to be formed about those 
Dealings (and the resulting impact on the personal reputation of those Key Persons and 
market confidence in the integrity of the Company’s corporate governance).  
Accordingly, specific responsibilities and obligations apply under this Policy to the JB Hi-
Fi Group's Key Persons.  In summary: 
• 
All Sections of this Policy apply to Key Persons. 
• 
Only Sections 1 and 2 of this Policy apply to all other Employees. 
1.6 
The JB Hi-Fi Group's Key Persons include the Directors of JB Hi-Fi Limited (whether 
non-executive or executive), the Group Executive team, the Executive teams of the JB 
Hi-Fi, The Good Guys and E&S businesses, members of the senior management teams 
of each business, area managers, territory managers, employees based at the JB Hi-Fi, 
The Good Guys or E&S Support Offices in Australia and New Zealand, store managers, 
store office administrators, store administrators and any other Employee that the 
Company Secretary from time to time designates as a Key Person for the purposes of 
this Policy. 
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 2 of 15 
1.7 
It is important for all Employees to remember that, although many of the responsibilities 
and obligations under this Policy only apply to Key Persons, the insider trading 
prohibitions set out in the Corporations Act and discussed in section 2, apply to all 
persons (including all Employees and family members of any Employees). 
1.8 
Directors and Employees of JB Hi-Fi Group companies should also remember that the 
Corporations Act prohibits them from improperly using information which they obtain in 
their capacity as Directors and Employees of those companies for the purpose of gaining 
an advantage for themselves or someone else.  
Consequences for breach of the law and Policy 
1.9 
Insider trading is a serious criminal offence.  Breach of the insider trading laws by any 
Employee may subject that Employee to: 
(a) 
criminal liability – attracting potential fines and imprisonment; and 
(b) 
civil liability – civil penalties and compensation orders may also be issued against 
persons who engage in insider trading. 
1.10 
In addition to the consequences applicable as a result of any breach of law, 
contravention by any Employee of any applicable part of this Policy will also be regarded 
by the Company as serious misconduct which may lead to the Company taking 
disciplinary action, including dismissal in serious cases. 
Further advice 
1.11 
If you do not understand any aspect of this Policy including the summary of the law 
relating to insider trading, or if you are confused as to the application of the Policy or 
whether the law applies to you, please contact the Company Secretary for guidance. 
However, neither this Policy nor any guidance from the Company Secretary should be 
taken as legal advice.  At all times you are ultimately responsible for ensuring that you 
comply with the law and you may therefore wish to seek your own professional legal 
advice before Dealing in securities and, in particular, JB Hi-Fi Securities. If you have any 
doubts about your compliance with this Policy we suggest that you do not Deal with the 
Securities in question until you have clarified your position. 
Adoption of this Policy 
1.12 
This Policy has effect from 29 October 2024. 
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 3 of 15 
2. 
The insider trading prohibition 
What is insider trading? 
2.1 
Consistent with the law, all Employees are prohibited in all circumstances from Dealing 
in Securities at any time if they are in possession of Inside Information (see paragraph 
2.3 below) whether or not this Policy permits them to trade.   
2.2 
If you have Inside Information (as defined in paragraph 2.3 below) relating to the JB Hi-Fi 
Group it is illegal for you to: 
(a) 
Deal in JB Hi-Fi's Securities or enter into an agreement to do so; or 
(b) 
procure or encourage another person to Deal in JB Hi-Fi's Securities or enter into 
an agreement to do so; or 
(c) 
directly or indirectly communicate, or cause to be communicated, that information 
to any other person if you know, or ought reasonably to know, that the person 
would, or would be likely to, use the Inside Information to engage in the activities 
specified in paragraphs (a) or (b) above. 
These prohibitions generally apply equally to the application for, grant, exercise or 
transfer of an option over JB Hi-Fi's Securities. However some exceptions exist in 
relation to JB Hi-Fi Option Plans as set out in sections 2.9 to 2.11 below. 
It does not matter how or in what capacity you become aware of the Inside Information.  
It does not have to be obtained from the JB Hi-Fi Group to constitute Inside Information. 
You cannot avoid the insider trading prohibition by arranging for a member of your family 
or a friend to Deal in JB Hi-Fi's Securities nor may you give "tips" concerning Inside 
Information relating to the JB Hi-Fi Group to others, including friends or customers. 
These actions would also breach the insider trading laws. 
What is Inside Information? 
2.3 
Inside Information includes information relating to the JB Hi-Fi Group which is not 
generally available and that, if the information were generally available, a reasonable 
person would expect to have a material effect on the price or value of JB Hi-Fi's 
Securities (see Inside Information definition in Glossary). Information can include 
matters of speculation or supposition and matters relating to intentions or likely intentions 
of a person. 
A reasonable person would expect information to have a material effect if it would, or 
would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities or other traded 
financial products in deciding whether or not to deal in JB Hi-Fi's Securities. 
Examples of Inside Information could be: 
(a) 
the financial performance of the Company against its budget or of any of its 
businesses against their budgets; 
(b) 
changes in the Company's actual or anticipated financial condition or business 
performance; 
(c) 
an actual or proposed takeover or merger by, or of, the Company; 
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 4 of 15 
(d) 
actual or proposed changes in the capital structure of the Company, including 
proposals to raise additional equity or borrowings; 
(e) 
proposed changes in the nature of the business of the Company or any of its 
businesses; 
(f) 
changes to the Board of Directors or significant changes in senior management; 
(g) 
an undisclosed significant change in the market share held by one or more of the 
Company’s businesses; 
(h) 
likely or actual entry into, or loss of, a material contract by a JB Hi-Fi Group 
company; 
(i) 
material acquisitions or sales of assets by a JB Hi-Fi Group company; 
(j) 
a proposed dividend or other distribution or a change in dividend policy; or 
(k) 
a material claim against a JB Hi-Fi Group company or other unexpected liability. 
When is information generally available? 
2.4 
Information is generally available if: 
(a) 
it consists of readily observable matters or deductions; 
(b) 
it has been brought to the attention of investors through an announcement to the 
ASX or has been made known in a manner which would be likely to bring it to the 
attention of investors in securities, and a reasonable period has elapsed since it 
was announced or brought to investors' attention; or 
(c) 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from 
information referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b) above. 
Examples of possible readily observable matters are: 
(d) 
a change in legislation which will affect the Company's ability to make certain 
types of investments or trading activities; or 
(e) 
a severe downturn in global securities markets. 
The insider trading prohibition is not limited to JB Hi-Fi information 
2.5 
The insider trading laws in the Corporations Act also apply equally to any situation where 
Inside Information is obtained by an Employee in respect of Securities of another 
company, in the same way as it applies to Inside Information relating to Securities of JB 
Hi-Fi. 
Extension of restrictions to family members and others 
2.6 
A number of the restrictions described in this Policy prohibit the communication of Inside 
Information to other people or arranging for, or encouraging, another person to trade in 
Securities. 
2.7 
Where a person related to or closely connected with an Employee undertakes trading in 
Securities which are restricted by this Policy, there is often a presumption that such 
person has been privy to information which is held by the Employee.  If that presumption 
is correct, both the Employee and the other person may have engaged in insider trading.  
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 5 of 15 
Even if that presumption is incorrect, such trading may create a perception of insider 
trading. 
2.8 
Accordingly, to the extent that it is within Employee's power to do so, Employees should 
ensure that any Securities trading which is prohibited by this Policy is not undertaken by: 
(a) 
their spouse, partner or child; 
(b) 
relatives living in the Employee's home or to whom material support is 
contributed; 
(c) 
a company or trust over which the Employee has influence or control (regardless 
of who is the beneficiary) including any self managed superannuation fund; 
(d) 
a trust of which the Employee is a beneficiary (other than a trust over which the 
Employee exercises no control, i.e. a third person or entity exercises exclusive 
discretionary authority); and 
(e) 
any other person over whom an Employee has investment control or influence. 
Please note that an adverse perception can easily be formed by a third party even 
though the Employee did not intend to break, and has not actually broken, the law. For 
example, innocently or inadvertently mentioning something happening at work to a 
relation or friend who subsequently makes money from trading in JB Hi-Fi shares may 
result in a perception that you intended them to benefit financially from the information.  
JB Hi-Fi's Option Plans 
2.9 
The insider trading laws do not prevent Employees who are in possession of Inside 
Information from being granted, applying for or exercising options under any JB Hi-Fi 
Option Plan. 
2.10 
Accordingly, the insider trading laws will not prevent an Employee from acquiring or 
exercising options to acquire or subscribe for shares under any JB Hi-Fi Option Plan. 
2.11 
 However, the insider trading laws will prohibit any Employee from: 
(a) 
acquiring JB Hi-Fi Securities on-market; 
(b) 
Dealing with JB Hi-Fi Securities which are the result of the exercise of any 
options acquired under a JB Hi-Fi Option Plan; or 
(c) 
Dealing with the options acquired under a JB Hi-Fi Option Plan (other than 
acquiring and exercising them as set out in Paragraph 2.10 above). For the 
avoidance of doubt this prohibition includes selling any such options under any 
facility made available by the Company or accepting any cancellation offer made 
by the Company in respect of any such options.  
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 6 of 15 
3. 
JB Hi-Fi's Securities Trading Policy 
Dealings by Key Persons - What does this Policy apply to? 
3.1 
All Dealing in Securities by Key Persons must be in accordance with this Policy. 
3.2 
Unless expressly exempted by the law as described in sections 2.9 and 2.10, no Dealing 
in any Securities is permitted by a Key Person if that Key Person is in possession of 
Inside Information.  The insider trading prohibitions are overriding obligations and 
apply at all times, despite all other terms of this Policy.  Accordingly, Key Persons 
should consider carefully whether they are in possession of any Inside Information 
before they Deal in any Securities.  If a Key Person is unsure whether or not they are in 
possession of Inside Information, he or she should not Deal in Securities and should 
consider obtaining independent legal advice.   
Short Term or Speculative Dealing 
3.3 
Key Persons are encouraged to be long-term holders of JB Hi-Fi Securities and may not 
therefore Deal in the same JB Hi-Fi Securities within any 6 month period. This is 
because speculation by Key Persons to take advantage of short-term fluctuations in JB 
Hi-Fi Securities could raise questions, or give rise to perceptions, about the integrity of 
the Company or its senior staff.  
3.4 
Exceptions to the 6 month restriction apply in limited circumstances in relation to JB Hi-
Fi’s Option Plans. The prohibition does not prevent the acquisition, vesting or exercising 
of options under such schemes or the subsequent sale of the resulting JB Hi-Fi 
Securities within a 6 month period. 
Closed Periods and Trading Windows 
3.5 
Due to the risk of misunderstanding or suspicion arising in relation to Key Persons 
Dealing in JB Hi-Fi Securities while in possession of Insider Information, Key Persons 
are only permitted to Deal in JB Hi-Fi Securities during specific limited periods during the 
year (Trading Windows). All other periods are Closed Periods.  
3.6 
Except in certain limited circumstances set out below, no Dealing by any Key Person in 
JB Hi-Fi Securities is permitted at any time during a Closed Period, except with the prior 
written approval of the Company Secretary. 
3.7 
The Trading Windows and Closed Periods for the Company are as follows: 
Period 
Circumstance 
Trading Window 
In the period beginning upon the day following lodgement of 
the Company's half year profit announcements with the ASX 
and concluding 4 weeks after lodgement. 
Trading Window 
In the period beginning upon the day following lodgement of 
the Company's annual profit announcement with the ASX and 
concluding 4 weeks after lodgement.  
Trading Window 
In the period beginning on the day after the Company’s annual 
general meeting and concluding 4 weeks after that meeting. 
Closed Periods 
All other times 
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 7 of 15 
 
3.8 
During Trading Windows, Key Persons may Deal in JB Hi-Fi Securities provided that 
they do not possess any Inside Information in relation to those Securities.  However: 
(a) 
the Directors (whether non-executive or executive); 
(b) 
members of the Group Executive team, the JB Hi-Fi Executive team, the The 
Good Guys Executive team, the E&S Executive Team and the Company 
Secretary;  
(c) 
the direct reports of the Group Chief Financial Officer; 
(d) 
members of the Group’s legal team; and 
(e) 
any other person designated by the Company Secretary, 
may only Deal in Securities during the Trading Windows having obtained the prior written 
approval of the Relevant Company Officer, using the Approval Request Form (a copy of 
which is attached to this Policy as Annexure A). The Approval Request Form should be 
submitted to the Company Secretary who will, where necessary, forward it to the 
Relevant Company Officer. The decision to give or refuse approval is entirely at the 
discretion of the Relevant Company Officer (who is not required to give any reasons for 
his or her decision) and the decision of the Relevant Company Officer is final and 
binding on the Key Person seeking approval.  Any refusal of approval by the Relevant 
Company Officer is a confidential matter which must not be disclosed to any other 
person, save to the extent necessary to comply with this Policy (in particular section 2.8). 
Any approval given by the Relevant Company Officer will be valid for a period of 5 
trading days, commencing on the date it is given. Any approval given may be revoked in 
writing (including by email) by the Relevant Company Officer prior to Dealing taking 
place if new information comes to light, or there is a change in circumstances, such as 
where the Relevant Company Officer believes that, between the date of approval and 
the date of Dealing, the relevant Key Person has become aware of Inside Information. 
For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the other provisions of this Policy, other Key 
Persons do not require consent to Deal during the Trading Windows. 
3.9 
Any approval given under section 3.8 by the Relevant Company Officer to a Dealing in 
Securities is intended as a compliance monitoring function only and must not be taken 
as an endorsement of the proposed Dealing or legal advice that the Dealing is in 
accordance with the law. Each Key Person remains individually responsible for his or her 
own investment decisions and compliance with the law (including the insider trading 
prohibitions) and this Policy. Key Persons should remember, in particular, that the insider 
trading prohibitions are overriding obligations and apply at all times, despite all other 
terms of this Policy.  In particular, if a Key Person is in possession of Inside Information, 
he or she must not Deal in JB Hi-Fi Securities, even if approval has been given by the 
Relevant Company Officer.  
3.10 
the Company may, from time to time, also restrict Dealing in JB Hi-Fi Securities (or other 
Securities) during any Trading Window by all or particular Key Persons or other 
Employees by notice to them where it believes that this is appropriate, for example, 
where such persons are aware of facts which might have a material effect on the share 
price if known to the market. Any restriction on Dealing in JB Hi-Fi Securities during a 
Trading Window which is notified by the Company to all or particular Key Persons or 
other Employees is a confidential matter which must not be disclosed by the relevant 
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 8 of 15 
Key Persons or other Employees to any other person, save to the extent necessary to 
comply with this Policy (in particular section 2.8).  
3.11 
Any part of a Trading Window where trading is prohibited by the Company is known as a 
Prohibited Period. Key Persons should, therefore, not take it for granted that they will be 
able to deal in JB Hi-Fi Securities at all times during Trading Windows. This may 
prevent, for example, Key Persons selling, and realising the value of, shares resulting 
from the exercise of options under a JB Hi-Fi Option Plan at a particular time, even 
though the Plan rules would otherwise allow this. 
Types of Dealing by Key Persons excluded from operation of Policy 
3.12 
The Closed Periods, Prohibited Periods and requirements to obtain prior approval to 
Dealing do not apply to certain activities in relation to JB Hi-Fi's Option Plans as 
described in sections 2.9 and 2.10.  Accordingly, options to acquire or subscribe for JB 
Hi-Fi Securities under any JB Hi-Fi Option Plan may be acquired or exercised by any 
Key Person during a Closed Period or Prohibited Period without obtaining prior approval.  
However, any other Dealing with such options or Dealings with JB Hi-Fi Securities which 
are the result of any such exercise (including selling shares acquired upon the exercise 
of options under the JB Hi-Fi Option Plans), will be subject to the restrictions set out in 
this Policy, including the restrictions that apply during the Closed Periods and Prohibited 
Periods and the need to obtain prior approval to Dealing. 
3.13 
The restrictions in this Policy also do not apply where the proposed Dealing: 
• 
involves subscribing for JB Hi-Fi Securities pursuant to a pro rata issue; 
• 
involves the application for JB Hi-Fi Securities under any JB Hi-Fi Option Plan at any 
time whether or not within a Closed Period or Prohibited Period; 
• 
involves the application for JB Hi-Fi Securities under any dividend reinvestment plan 
at any time whether or not within a Closed Period or Prohibited Period, provided that 
the Key Person did not commence or amend his or her participation in the dividend 
reinvestment plan during a Closed Period or Prohibited Period, and that the Key 
Person is not permitted to withdraw from the dividend reinvestment plan during a 
Closed Period or Prohibited Period;  
• 
involves Dealing by a Key Person where the trading results in no change in beneficial 
interest in JB Hi-Fi Securities; 
• 
occurs via investments in a scheme or other arrangement where:  
o the investment decisions are exercised by a third party, where the relevant 
Key Person has no control or influence with respect to trading decisions; and 
o if the Key Person is a Director, the Dealing is not disclosable to the ASX in 
accordance with the ASX listing rules; or 
• 
occurs under an offer to all or most of the security holders in JB Hi-Fi. 
However, the disposal of Securities acquired under any JB Hi-Fi Option Plan will require 
approval if otherwise required under this Policy. 
 
 
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 9 of 15 
Approval to Deal in Closed Periods and Prohibited Periods 
3.14 
If any Key Person wishes to Deal in JB Hi-Fi Securities within a Closed Period or 
Prohibited Period, the relevant Key Person must obtain the prior written approval of the 
Relevant Company Officer using the Approval Request Form (a copy of which is 
attached to this Policy as Annexure A). The Approval Request Form should be submitted 
to the Company Secretary who will, where necessary, forward it to the Relevant 
Company Officer.  Any approval given may be revoked in writing by the Relevant 
Company Officer prior to Dealing taking place if new information comes to light, or there 
is a change in circumstances, such as where the Relevant Company Officer comes to 
believe that, between the date of approval and the date of Dealing, the relevant Key 
Person has become aware of Inside Information. Details of all Dealings in a Closed 
Period or Prohibited Period must be advised in writing to the Company Secretary, 
making reference to the prior approval, as soon as they have taken place and, in any 
case, not more than 48 hours afterwards. 
3.15 
The Relevant Company Officer is only likely to approve dealing by a Key Person within a 
Closed Period or Prohibited Period in certain circumstances. These may include, without 
limitation, where:  
(a) 
the Key Person is in severe financial hardship or difficulty, meaning the Key 
Person has a pressing financial commitment that can only be satisfied by selling 
JB Hi-Fi Securities;  
(b) 
the proposed Dealing involves the transfer of JB Hi-Fi Securities to a connected 
person such as a spouse or partner, immediate family member, a company or 
family trust under the control or influence of the Key Person or any 
superannuation fund relating to the Key Person; 
(c) 
the Company believes all information relevant to the value of JB Hi-Fi Securities 
has recently been disclosed to the market, for example, if a prospectus has just 
been issued; or 
(d) 
other exceptional circumstances exist such as where the Employee is required by 
law, court order, or court enforceable undertakings (e.g. family settlement) to sell 
the relevant JB Hi-Fi Securities, 
provided that: 
(e) 
the Key Person is not actually in possession of Inside Information in relation to JB 
Hi-Fi Securities; and   
(f) 
the Key Person has sought and obtained prior written approval to dispose of the 
JB Hi-Fi Securities in accordance with this Policy. 
Key Persons should note, however, that the decision is entirely at the discretion of the 
Relevant Company Officer (who is not required to give any reasons for his or her 
decision), and the decision of the Relevant Company Officer is final and binding on Key 
Persons. Any refusal by the Relevant Company Officer to approve Dealing by a Key 
Person within a Closed Period or Prohibited Period is a confidential matter which must 
not be disclosed to any other person, save to the extent necessary to comply with this 
Policy (in particular section 2.8). The Relevant Company Officer is likely to be particularly 
wary of granting approval at times when there is an increased risk of misunderstanding 
or suspicion arising in relation to Key Persons Dealing in JB Hi-Fi Securities while in 
possession in Inside Information. This might be the case, for example, in the weeks 
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 10 of 15 
between the end of a financial period and the release to the market of results for that 
period.  The Relevant Company Officer may also require Key Persons to produce 
evidence of any circumstances which the Key Person claims justify the Dealing being 
approved.  For example, if the Key Person claims to be in severe financial difficulty, the 
Relevant Company Officer may request the Key Person to produce reasonable evidence 
of the pressing financial commitment and his or her inability to satisfy that commitment 
by other means.  
3.16 
Any approval given by the Relevant Company Officer will be valid for a period of 5 
trading days, commencing on the date it is given.  
3.17 
Any approval given by the Relevant Company Officer is intended as a compliance 
monitoring function only and must not be taken as an endorsement of the proposed 
Dealing or legal advice that the Dealing is in accordance with the law. Each Key Person 
remains individually responsible for his or her own investment decisions and compliance 
with the law (including the insider trading prohibitions) and this Policy. Key Persons 
should remember, in particular, that the insider trading prohibitions are overriding 
obligations and apply at all times, despite all other terms of this Policy.  In particular, if a 
Key Person is in possession of Inside Information, he or she must not Deal in JB Hi-Fi 
Securities, even if approval has been given by the Relevant Company Officer.  
Approval by Relevant Company Officer 
3.18 
In the case of any Director, Group Executive or the Company Secretary seeking to Deal 
in JB Hi-Fi Securities, the approval must be provided by the Chairman of the Company 
(or, in his absence, the Chairman’s nominee). 
3.19 
In the case of the Chairman of the Company seeking to Deal in JB Hi-Fi Securities, the 
approval must be provided by the chairman of the Audit Committee (or, in his absence, 
his nominee).  
3.20 
In the case of any other Key Person who requires written approval to Deal (including, 
without limitation, any Executive of the JB Hi-Fi, The Good Guys or E&S business) the 
approval must be provided by the Company Secretary or the Group Chief Executive 
Officer (or, in his absence, his nominee). 
Confirmation of Dealings in JB Hi-Fi Securities by Directors and Executives 
3.21 
JB Hi-Fi is required by law and under the ASX Listing Rules to disclose Dealings in its 
Securities by Directors, within a prescribed period after the occurrence of that Dealing.  
In addition, the interests of certain Executives will be disclosed in the company’s Annual 
Report. Accordingly, each Director and Executive must notify the Company Secretary as 
soon as practicable after any Dealing in JB Hi-Fi Securities by them (or on their behalf) 
has occurred and, in the case of a Director, not more than 24 hours afterwards in order 
to enable JB Hi-Fi to comply with its disclosure and reporting obligations. 
Margin lending and similar funding arrangements  
3.22 
Directors and Executives may not include their JB Hi-Fi Securities in a margin loan 
portfolio or similar funding arrangement or otherwise Deal in their JB Hi-Fi Securities 
pursuant to a margin lending or similar funding arrangement, without first obtaining the 
written approval of the Relevant Company Officer using the Approval Request Form (a 
copy of which is attached to this Policy as Annexure A).  The Approval Request Form 
should be submitted to the Company Secretary who will, where necessary, forward it to 
the Relevant Company Officer.  
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 11 of 15 
3.23 
The decision to give or refuse approval is entirely at the discretion of the Relevant 
Company Officer (who is not required to give any reasons for his or her decision) and the 
decision of the Relevant Company Officer is final and binding on the Director or 
Executive seeking approval.  Any refusal of approval by the Relevant Company Officer is 
a confidential matter which must not be disclosed to any other person, save to the extent 
necessary to comply with this Policy (in particular section 2.8). Any approval given may 
be revoked in writing (including by email) by the Relevant Company Officer prior to 
Dealing taking place if new information comes to light, or there is a change in 
circumstances, such as where the Relevant Company Officer believes that, between the 
date of approval and the date of Dealing, the relevant Director or Executive has become 
aware of Inside Information.  
3.24 
Any approval given under section 3.22 by the Relevant Company Officer will be valid for 
a period of 5 trading days, commencing on the date it is given, and is intended as a 
compliance monitoring function only and must not be taken as an endorsement of the 
proposed Dealing or legal advice that the Dealing is in accordance with the law. Each 
Director and Executive remains individually responsible for his or her own investment 
decisions and compliance with the law (including the insider trading prohibitions) and this 
Policy. Directors and Executives should remember, in particular, that the insider trading 
prohibitions are overriding obligations and apply at all times, despite all other terms of 
this Policy.  In particular, if a Director or Executive is in possession of Inside Information, 
he or she must not Deal in JB Hi-Fi Securities, even if approval has been given by the 
Relevant Company Officer.  
3.25 
Additionally, any margin lending or similar funding arrangements entered into by any 
Director or Executive in relation to JB Hi-Fi Securities must be disclosed in writing to the 
Company Secretary as soon as practicable after entry into such an arrangement and, in 
any case, not more than 24 hours afterwards.    
3.26 
Any margin lending or similar funding arrangements entered into by any Director or 
Executive which are disclosed to the Company Secretary in accordance with section 
3.25 will be periodically disclosed to the Board of Directors.  JB Hi-Fi may also publicly 
disclose any margin loan or similar funding arrangements over JB Hi-Fi Securities taken 
out by any Director or Executive irrespective of whether such disclosure is required by 
law or the ASX Listing Rules. 
Short Selling 
3.27 
Short selling involves a person borrowing a security (e.g. JB Hi-Fi Securities) and selling 
it in the hope that they will be able to buy back the security at a lower price at some point 
in the future (thereby closing out their “short” position at a profit), and is used by traders 
who believe that the market price of a security is likely to fall. 
3.28 
If it were to become known that Directors or Executives had short sold JB Hi-Fi 
Securities, it could lead to negative market perceptions about the level of confidence that 
Directors and Executives have in JB Hi-Fi’s prospects. 
3.29 
For this reason, Directors and Executives are prohibited from short selling JB Hi-Fi 
Securities, even during Trading Windows.  
Limiting economic risk  
3.30 
No Key Person may enter into any scheme, arrangement or agreement (including 
options, hedging arrangements and other derivative products) under which the relevant 
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 12 of 15 
Key Person may alter the economic benefit or risk derived by the Key Person, in relation 
to an unvested equity–based incentive award or grant made by the Company to the Key 
Person, irrespective of the outcome under that incentive award or grant.  
3.31 
Once any equity-based incentive award or grant made by JB Hi-Fi to a Key Person (who 
is not a Director or Executive) is vested and is exercisable, the restriction in section 3.30 
above does not apply. However, any actions in respect of such awards or grants are 
subject to the restrictions on Dealing in Securities set out in this Policy.  
3.32 
Directors and Executives must obtain the written approval of the Relevant Company 
Officer (using the Approval Request Form, a copy of which is attached to this Policy as 
Annexure A) before entering into any scheme, arrangement or agreement (including 
options, hedging arrangements and other derivative products) under which the relevant 
Director or Executive may alter the economic benefit or risk they derive in relation to any 
JB Hi-Fi Securities (whether received under an equity-based incentive award scheme or 
otherwise) which are not subject to the prohibition in section 3.30 above.  The Approval 
Request Form should be submitted to the Company Secretary who will, where 
necessary, forward it to the Relevant Company Officer.  In addition, any Director or 
Executive taking such action must notify the Company Secretary as soon as reasonably 
practicable after any such scheme, arrangement or agreement is entered into. JB Hi-Fi 
may publicly disclose this information irrespective of whether it is technically required by 
law or the ASX Listing Rules. 
3.33 
The decision to give or refuse approval is entirely at the discretion of the Relevant 
Company Officer (who is not required to give any reasons for his or her decision) and the 
decision of the Relevant Company Officer is final and binding on the Director or 
Executive seeking approval.  Any refusal of approval by the Relevant Company Officer is 
a confidential matter which must not be disclosed to any other person, save to the extent 
necessary to comply with this Policy (in particular section 2.8). Any approval given may 
be revoked in writing (including by email) by the Relevant Company Officer prior to 
Dealing taking place if new information comes to light, or there is a change in 
circumstances, such as where the Relevant Company Officer believes that, between the 
date of approval and the date of Dealing, the relevant Director or Executive has become 
aware of Inside Information.  
3.34 
Any approval given under section 3.32 by the Relevant Company Officer will be valid for 
a period of 5 trading days, commencing on the date it is given, and is intended as a 
compliance monitoring function only and must not be taken as an endorsement of the 
proposed Dealing or legal advice that the Dealing is in accordance with the law. Each 
Director and Executive remains individually responsible for his or her own investment 
decisions and compliance with the law (including the insider trading prohibitions) and this 
Policy. Directors and Executives should remember, in particular, that the insider trading 
prohibitions are overriding obligations and apply at all times, despite all other terms of 
this Policy.  In particular, if a Director or Executive is in possession of Inside Information, 
he or she must not Deal in JB Hi-Fi Securities, even if approval has been given by the 
Relevant Company Officer.  
Extension of trading policy  
3.35 
JB Hi-Fi may also from time to time extend this Policy by specifying that all or particular 
Key Persons are also restricted from Dealing in the Securities of other specified 
companies with which the Company may have dealings. This is because Key Persons 
may have, or be perceived to have, Inside Information relating to these companies. 
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 13 of 15 
4. 
Glossary 
Key definitions and expressions used in this Policy have the meaning set out below: 
ASX means the Australian Securities Exchange Limited. 
Chairman means the chairman of the Company from time to time. 
Closed Periods means those fixed periods specified in this Policy (and otherwise determined 
by the Company from time to time) when the Company's Key Persons are prohibited from 
Dealing in JB Hi-Fi's Securities.  
Company Secretary means the company secretary of JB Hi-Fi Limited from time to time.  
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Deal or Dealing includes, in relation to Securities, an acquisition or disposal of Securities, or 
entry into a Derivative in relation to the Securities, or the grant, acceptance, acquisition, 
disposal or exercise of an option to acquire or dispose of the Securities, or the use of the 
Securities as security or the grant of any encumbrance over the Securities, or the engagement 
in any other transaction involving a beneficial interest or a change in the beneficial ownership of 
the Securities, or the entry into any agreement to do any of the above things.   
Derivatives includes derivatives within the meaning given in section 761D of the Corporations 
Act (such as options, forward contracts, swaps, futures, warrants, caps and collars) and any 
other transaction in financial products that operates to limit the economic risk associated with 
holding the relevant securities. 
Director means a director of JB Hi-Fi Limited (whether executive or non-executive). 
Employees means any employee of any JB Hi-Fi Group company and, for the purpose of this 
Policy, includes each Key Person. 
Executive includes both a Group level executive and an executive of the JB Hi-Fi, The Good 
Guys or E&S businesses (unless expressly stated otherwise). 
Inside Information means, in relation to any Securities, any information that is not generally 
available and that, if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect to have a 
material affect on the price or value of the relevant Securities.  Information is "generally 
available" if, amongst other things, it consists of readily observable matter or it has been brought 
to the attention of investors by an ASX announcement and a reasonable period for its 
dissemination has elapsed since the announcement. 
JB Hi-Fi means JB Hi-Fi Limited. 
JB Hi-Fi Group means JB Hi-Fi Limited and each of its subsidiaries including (without 
limitation) those companies carrying on the JB Hi-Fi, The Good Guys and E&S businesses. 
JB Hi-Fi Option Plan means:  
(a) 
the JB Hi Fi 2002 Executive Option Plan;  
(b) 
the JB Hi Fi 2010 Executive Option Plan; and 
(c) 
any other scheme, arrangement or facility available to some or all of the Employees 
which is designated as a JB Hi-Fi Option Plan for the purposes of this Policy by the 
Company Secretary. 
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 14 of 15 
Key Persons means the key management personnel of the JB Hi-Fi Group within the meaning 
of AASB 124 Related Party Disclosure being those persons having authority and responsibility 
for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the JB Hi-Fi Group, directly or indirectly, 
together with certain other key employees of the Company and the other JB Hi-Fi Group 
companies and includes any Director,  the Group Executive team, the Executive teams of the 
JB Hi-Fi, The Good Guys and E&S businesses), members of the senior management teams of 
each business, area managers, territory managers, employees based at the JB Hi-Fi, The Good 
Guys and E&S Support Offices in Australia and New Zealand, store managers, store office 
administrators, store administrators and any other person that the Company Secretary from time 
to time designates as a Key Person for the purposes of this Policy. Key Person means any one 
of such persons. 
Prohibited Periods means those periods during Trading Windows when JB Hi-Fi restricts 
Dealing in JB Hi-Fi Securities by all or particular Key Persons or other Employees by notice to 
them.  
Relevant Company Officer means the officer of the Company to whom a request for approval 
to Deal must be given pursuant to Sections 3.18, 3.19 and 3.20; 
Securities includes shares, options, rights, debentures, interests in a managed investments 
scheme, Derivatives and other financial products covered by section 1042A of the Corporations 
Act. 
Trading Windows means those fixed periods specified in this Policy when the Company's Key 
Persons are permitted to Deal in JB Hi-Fi's Securities in accordance with and subject to the 
terms of this Policy. 
For personal use only

JB HI-FI LIMITED 
ABN: 80 093 220 136 
 
 
29 October 2024                                                                                                                                                             Page 15 of 15 
Annexure A - Approval Request Form for Closed Periods/ Prohibited Periods 
Part A – For completion by Key Person (including Directors) 
Name of Key Person: 
 
Position: 
 
Number of Securities 
 
Type of Securities 
 
Nature of agreement/arrangement/proposed dealing 
(sale/purchase/subscription/margin loan or similar 
funding arrangement): 
 
Person dealing (if different from applicant):  
 
Proposed date of transaction: 
 
Circumstances that justify Dealing in JB Hi-Fi 
Securities (required  in the case of any proposed 
Dealing by a Key Person in Closed Periods or 
Prohibited Periods): 
 
I confirm that: 
(a) 
I have read and understood the Securities Trading Policy; 
(b) 
I am not in possession of any unpublished information which, if generally available, might 
materially affect the price or value of JB Hi-Fi Securities; and 
(c) 
the transaction in JB Hi-Fi's Securities described above does not contravene the Securities 
Trading Policy. 
Signed: 
……………..………………….. 
Dated: 
...…………..………………...… 
Part B – For completion by Company Secretary or other applicable JB Hi-Fi Officer 
I confirm that I am not aware of any circumstances pursuant to which the Key Person named above is or 
is likely to be in possession of the unpublished information which, if generally available, might materially 
affect the price or value of JB Hi-Fi's Securities and approval for the above Dealing has been granted and 
is valid for a period of 5 trading days commencing on the date of approval. 
[or alternatively] 
Approval for the proposed Dealing has been refused. 
Name: 
...…………..………………...… 
Title: 
...…………..………………...… 
Signature: 
...…………..………………...… 
Dated: 
...…………..………………...… 
The completed form is to be sent to the Company Secretary. 
For personal use only
