Securities 
Trading Policy 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 1 
Contents 
Purpose .......................................................................................................................... 3
Policy Coverage ............................................................................................................. 4
Regulatory requirements .............................................................................................. 4
Insider Trading ............................................................................................................... 4
Restrictions on certain Judo personnel during Blackout Periods ........................... 5
Clearance to deal ........................................................................................................... 5
Notification to ASX of certain trades ........................................................................... 6
Exceptional circumstances .......................................................................................... 6
Other prohibitions ......................................................................................................... 7
Excluded dealings ......................................................................................................... 7
Dealing in other company Securities .......................................................................... 8
Financial Sector (Shareholdings) Act 1998 (Cth) ....................................................... 8
Amendments to this Policy .......................................................................................... 8
Breaches ......................................................................................................................... 8
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 2 
Information Schedule 
Version No 
Version No: 
1.0
Date: 
7 October 2021
Next Review Date: 
October 2022
Document Owner: 
General Counsel and Company Secretary 
Document ID: 
Issuing Area: 
General Counsel and Company Secretary 
Approval Authority 
Board – with delegation to BRC   
Revision History 
Date 
Details 
Version Number 
7 October 2021 
Version approved by Board 
1.0 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 3 
1. 
Purpose 
1.1 
Overview 
As an ASX-listed company, Judo Capital Holdings Limited (Judo) must have a securities trading policy 
that complies with the ASX Listing Rules.  
The objective of this Policy is to ensure that: 
 
Judo and its Representatives comply with the laws prohibiting insider trading; 
 
ensure that Judo’s Representatives are not using information to gain an improper advantage for 
themselves or someone else; and 
 
avoid the appearance of any insider trading and any reputational damage that such an 
appearance may cause.  
This Policy covers: 
 
the prohibition on insider trading; 
 
Judo’s Blackout Periods;  
 
the process for obtaining clearance to trade; 
 
exceptional circumstances for trading during a blackout period; and 
 
trading that is excluded from this policy.  
Trading in Judo Securities for the purposes of this Policy includes dealing in, or procuring another person 
to deal in, Securities within the meaning of the Corporations Act.  
The Policy is available on Judo’s intranet and external website. All Representatives must read this policy 
carefully and understand the requirements and procedures detailed in it. If you have any questions about 
this Policy, please contact the General Counsel and Company Secretary. 
1.2 
Definitions 
In this Policy: 
ASX means ASX Limited or the financial market it operates (as the context requires).  
ASX Listing Rules or Listing Rules means the listing rules of the ASX.
Blackout Period means a time when a Representative must not deal in Judo Securities. The following 
are mandated Blackout Periods:  
(i) 
from the close of the ASX trading day two weeks prior to 30 June each year, until the 
beginning of trading on the ASX trading day following the day on which Judo’s annual year 
results are released to the ASX;  
(ii) 
from the close of the ASX trading day two weeks prior to 31 December each year, until the 
beginning of trading on the ASX trading day following the day on which Judo's half-year results 
are released to the ASX;  
(iii) 
from the close of the ASX trading day two weeks prior to the date of Judo’s AGM until 
10:00am (AEDT time) on the ASX trading day following the date of Judo’s AGM; and  
(iv) 
any other period that the Board determines from time to time.  
Board means the board of directors of Judo from time to time and for the purpose of any Blackout 
Period also includes: 
 
a company or trust controlled by any of them; and  
 
a spouse (including a de facto spouse), dependent child (including a step-child, fostered or 
adopted child), a close relative or a person financially dependent on, or acting in concert, with 
any of them.  
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 4 
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
employee incentive scheme has the meaning given in Chapter 19 of the ASX Listing Rules. 
Management Board means the management committee comprising certain management personnel as 
nominated by the Board from time to time and for the purpose of any Blackout Period also includes: 
 
a company or trust controlled by any of them; and  
 
a spouse (including a de facto spouse), dependent child (including a step-child, fostered or 
adopted child), a close relative or a person financially dependent on, or acting in concert, with 
any of them.  
Representative means the Board, Management Board and employees of Judo (including temporary and 
permanent employees), and any other person or class of persons as determined by the Board from time 
to time and for the purpose of any Blackout Period also includes: 
 
a company or trust controlled by any of them; and  
 
a spouse (including a de facto spouse), dependent child (including a step-child, fostered or 
adopted child), a close relative or a person financially dependent on, or acting in concert, with 
any of them.
Restricted Class has the meaning given in section 5 of this Policy. 
Securities includes shares; options; rights; debentures (including convertible notes); derivatives; options 
over an unissued share in, or debenture of, a company; a renounceable or non-renounceable right to 
subscribe for a share in, or debenture of, a company; and other Division 3 financial products as defined 
in section 1042A of the Corporations Act. 
2. 
Policy Coverage 
This Policy applies to all Representatives. 
Certain aspects of this Policy apply only to the Restricted Class and, where this is the case, is noted.  
3. 
Regulatory requirements 
This Policy is consistent with the requirements of ASX Listing Rules 12.9 to 12.12. 
This Policy must be provided to the ASX immediately upon request in accordance with Listing Rule 
12.11. 
4. 
Insider Trading  
Under the Corporations Act, if a Representative possesses inside information in relation to Judo 
Securities or Securities of another company, they are prohibited from: 
 
dealing in those Securities; 
 
procuring another person to deal in those Securities; or 
 
directly or indirectly communicating the inside information, or causing the inside information to be 
communicated, to any other person if the Representative knows or ought reasonably to know that 
the other person would be likely to deal, or procure another person to deal, in those Securities.  
‘Inside information’ is information that: 
 
is not generally available to the market; and 
 
if it were generally available to the market, a reasonable person would expect it to have a 
material effect (upwards or downwards) on the price or value of a security. 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 5 
Under the Corporations Act, a reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a 
material effect on the price or value of the securities if the information “would, or would be likely to, 
influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether to acquire or dispose of” those 
securities. 
Inside information could include information about: 
 
pending ASX announcements; 
 
changes in financial forecasts or expectations; 
 
changes in Judo’s Board or Management Board;  
 
proposed changes in the company’s capital structure; 
 
mergers, acquisitions or divestments; 
 
liquidity and cash flow information;  
 
debt facilities or borrowings;  
 
significant litigation or enforcement action involving the company; or 
 
significant changes in operations or strategy. 
The above list is not exhaustive. 
A person who possesses inside information is generally prohibited from dealing in Securities. This 
prohibition applies even where: 
 
the dealing occurs at a time that would otherwise be outside a Blackout Period; 
 
the dealing falls within an exclusion in this Policy; or 
 
the person has been given clearance under this Policy to deal (whether in exceptional 
circumstances or otherwise). 
Any Representative who is in possession of any inside information should not communicate that 
information: 
 
within Judo, unless it is required for business purposes; or  
 
to any person outside Judo, unless an appropriate non-disclosure agreement is in place. 
Representatives who are involved in any contravention of the insider trading prohibitions may face 
criminal and civil penalties, civil liability and disqualification. 
5. 
Restrictions on certain Judo personnel during Blackout Periods
During Blackout Periods, all Representatives are prohibited from dealing in Judo Securities, except in 
exceptional circumstances permitted by section 8 or as permitted by section 10. 
Outside of Blackout Periods, Board members, Management Board members, and any other person or 
class of persons the Board may determine from time to time (Restricted Class), are prohibited from 
dealing in Judo Securities without clearance to deal in accordance with section 6. Representatives who 
are not members of the Restricted Class do not require clearance to deal in Judo Securities outside a 
Blackout Period.  
6. 
Clearance to deal  
The process for seeking approval to deal where such approval is required by this policy is as follows: 
 
A written request must be submitted to the Company Secretary. 
 
When seeking clearance, the person must certify that they are not in possession of any inside 
information that might preclude them from dealing at that time. 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 6 
 
Approval to deal will be granted by the following: 
o the CEO (in the case of a Management Board member) 
o the Chair of the Board Audit Committee (in the case of the Chair of the Board) 
o the Chair of the Board (in the case of the CEO or other members of the Board) 
o the Company Secretary (in the case of all other Representatives who are members of the 
Restricted Class or who require clearance to deal as permitted by section 8) 
 
The Company Secretary will inform the Board of all trade requests and whether they were 
approved or rejected.  
 
If a clearance to deal is granted, clearance will last for 5 business days from the date given.  
 
If a Representative comes into possession of inside information after receiving a clearance to 
deal, they must not deal despite having received clearance.   
 
Any clearance to trade can be given or refused in Judo’s discretion without giving any reasons. 
 
A decision to refuse clearance is final and binding on the person seeking clearance. 
 
If clearance to deal is refused, the person seeking clearance must keep that information 
confidential and not disclose it to anyone. 
A clearance to deal can be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a change in 
circumstances. 
It is important to remember that any clearance to deal is not an endorsement of the proposed dealing 
and the person doing the dealing will be individually responsible for their investment decisions and their 
compliance with insider trading laws, which apply even where clearance to deal has been given under 
this policy. Accordingly, before a Representative deals in Judo Securities, they should consider carefully 
whether they are in possession or inside information that might preclude them from dealing at that time. 
7. 
Notification to ASX of certain trades 
In addition to the clearance to deal as referred to above, Directors must provide the Company Secretary 
with written notifications of trading in Judo Securities (or any Securities of a related body corporate of 
Judo) within 2 business days of making any trade to allow any necessary disclosure(s) to be made to the 
ASX and/or ASIC (as the case requires).  
8. 
Exceptional circumstances
In exceptional circumstances a person may be permitted to deal during a Blackout Period with clearance 
in accordance with section 6 above.  
Exceptional circumstances may include, but are not limited to: 
 
where such a person is facing severe financial hardship and the sale of the Securities is the only 
practical method of overcoming the hardship; or 
 
where required by a court order, a court enforceable undertaking or an overriding legal or 
regulatory requirement to transfer, or accept a transfer of, the Securities. 
The relevant person will be required to demonstrate that an exceptional circumstance exists and, in the 
case of severe financial hardship, that a sale of the Securities is the only practical method of overcoming 
the hardship and obtain clearance to deal in accordance with section 6 above.  
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 7 
9. 
Other prohibitions
There are other prohibitions on Representatives dealing in Judo Securities as follows:  
a) Short term trading or speculative trading in Judo Securities, which means buying and selling 
Securities within a short time frame. Such trading may indicate that the relevant person’s 
interests are not aligned with Judo’s interests. Short term or speculative trading includes buying 
and selling securities on market within a 3-month period, and entering into other speculative or 
short-term dealings (eg in derivative products issued over or in respect of Judo Securities). Short 
term trading or speculative trading in Judo Securities does not include:  
(i) trading in Securities that have been acquired under an employee incentive scheme (including 
by way of vesting or exercise of any such Security) within three months of the acquisition of 
such Securities in accordance with the terms of such scheme; or  
(ii) excluded dealing within the meaning of section 10. 
b) Entering into hedging transactions to limit the relevant person’s exposure. Hedging 
transactions means transactions entered into to limit the economic risk associated with holding 
Judo Securities.  
c) Any margin lending or other secured financing arrangements in respect of Judo 
Securities. 
10. 
Excluded dealings
The following types of dealings are excluded from the operation of section 5 of this policy, do not require 
approval under section 6 and do not breach the prohibition on short term trading in section 0: 
a) transfers between a member of the Restricted Class and someone closely related to them e.g., a 
spouse, child, family company or family trust or to a super fund in respect of which written 
clearance from the Company Secretary has been provided; 
b) disposal of Securities arising from the acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme of arrangement or 
equal access buy-back; 
c) disposal of rights under a pro-rata issue; 
d) acquisition of Securities under a pro-rata issue; 
e) acquisition of Securities under a security purchase plan or a dividend or distribution reinvestment 
plan where the Representative did not commence, withdraw or amend their participation during a 
Blackout Period; 
f) obtaining by a Board member of a share qualification; 
g) participation in, including acquisition of Securities or an interest in Securities under, an employee 
incentive scheme by way of acceptance of an invitation or grant under such an employee 
incentive scheme including an acquisition by a trustee or the vesting of any such Securities (but 
not the exercise of any such Security by a participant in the employee incentive scheme); 
h) acquisition or disposal of Securities under a pre-determined investment or divestment plan for 
which prior written clearance has been provided in accordance with this Policy where the 
Representative did not enter into the plan, cancel or amend the plan during a Blackout Period, 
and the plan does not permit the Representative to exercise any influence or discretion in relation 
to trading under the plan;
i) indirect and incidental trading that occurs as a consequence of a person in the Restricted Class 
dealing in Securities issued by a managed investment scheme, listed investment company, 
exchange-traded fund or similar investment vehicle that is managed by a third party and that 
happens to hold, as part of its portfolio, Judo Securities.  
However, the prohibition on insider trading still applies for the above-mentioned dealings. Accordingly, 
before a Representative deals in Judo Securities, they should consider carefully whether they are in 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
Page 8 
possession or inside information that might preclude them from dealing at that time. 
11. 
Dealing in other company Securities
Through working at Judo, Representatives may become aware of inside information about another 
company, for example, if Judo is in confidential negotiations about a material transaction with another 
company.  
Representatives must not deal in Securities of another company if in possession of inside information 
about that company. 
12. 
Financial Sector (Shareholdings) Act 1998 (Cth)
As Judo is an authorised deposit-taking institution, Judo and its Securities are subject to the Financial 
Sector (Shareholdings) Act 1998 (Cth), meaning that any shareholding interest in Judo which exceeds 
20% could attract penalties. Prospective and existing shareholders should consider this limit, and seek 
appropriate advice from a professional advisor, when deciding to purchase Judo Securities. 
13. 
Amendments to this Policy
If any material changes are made to this Policy, the amended Policy must be given to the ASX markets 
announcements office for release to the market within 5 business days of the change taking effect. 
Material changes may include: 
 
changes to the fixed periods when members of the Restricted Class are prohibited from dealing; 
 
changes with respect to dealings that are excluded; or 
 
changes with respect to the exceptional circumstances in which members of the Restricted Class 
may be permitted to deal during a prohibited period.  
14. 
Breaches 
Failure to comply with this Policy may lead to disciplinary action up to and including dismissal. Further, 
any breaches of insider trading laws may lead to criminal and civil penalties, civil liability and 
disqualification. 
For personal use only
