 
 ASX announcement 
27 August 2026 
 
Updated Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
Pursuant to ASX Listing Rule 12.10, the updated Securities Trading Policy for Jumbo Interactive Limited, 
which came into effect on 25 August 2026, is attached. This policy is also available on the Company 
website. 
 
- Ends - 
 
This announcement was authorised for release by the Company Secretary. 
 
 For further information contact: 
 
 
 
 
About Jumbo Interactive 
Jumbo Interactive Ltd (ASX:JIN) brings together technology, creativity, and purpose to 
deliver winning experiences through digital lotteries and prize draws. Our B2B SaaS platforms and 
Managed Services power both government and charity fundraising programs, while our B2C 
brands - including Oz Lotteries, Dream Car Giveaways, and Dream Giveaway - connect millions of 
customers to life-changing prizes and meaningful causes.  
  
Since 1995, Jumbo has grown from a single-computer start-up into an ASX-
listed global group operating across Australia, the United Kingdom, and North 
America. Today, we’re reimagining how people engage with lotteries and prize draws online - making 
it simpler, more engaging, and more impactful for everyone involved.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Jumbo Interactive Ltd | ABN 66 009 189 128 | Level 11, 135 Coronation Drive, Milton Qld 4064 | www.jumbointeractive.com 
Investor Relations – Jatin Khosla (CFO) 
+61 428 346 792 
jatink@jumbointeractive.com 
Media – Mike Veverka (Managing 
Director, CEO & Founder) 
+61 7 3831 3705 
media@jumbointeractive.com 
For personal use only

 
1 
Securities Trading Policy 
Securities Trading Policy 
Purpose 
Jumbo Interactive Limited (the Company) is committed to promoting investor 
confidence in the market by ensuring that Directors, employees and consultants of the 
Company and its subsidiaries (Jumbo) adopt the approach within the following 
Securities Trading Policy in respect of dealings in securities of the Company. 
Jumbo’s Core Values are the guiding principles that underpin our vision, culture and 
overall philosophy. Essentially, our Core Values help to define our ways of working, 
what we care about, what we promise our employees, and how we set our priorities. 
Our Core Values are that we: 
● 
are open and respectful; 
● 
are adaptable; 
● 
take ownership; 
● 
create possibilities; and 
● 
exist for our customers. 
Our Core Value that we take ownership includes that we believe in the integrity of 
the market and that each Employee is aware of, and responsible for, any impact that 
trading in the securities of the Company using information not otherwise available to 
other investors may have on the integrity of the market. 
1. 
Who is covered by this Policy? 
This Policy applies to: 
● 
Directors, employees and consultants (Employees); 
● 
Designated Employees (as defined in Section 3); 
● 
spouse or any dependent children of an Employee (Related Person); and 
● 
a trust, family-owned company or company which is controlled by an Employee 
(Related Entity) 
of the Company and its subsidiaries both in Australia and overseas.  
This Policy applies to securities, which includes shares, options, notes, bonds and 
other debentures, interests in managed investment schemes, trusts and other financial 
products, and any derivatives of those securities, including equity swaps, contracts for 
difference, futures, hedges and exchange-traded or over-the-counter options, whether 
settled by cash or otherwise. 
For personal use only

 
2 
Securities Trading Policy 
2. 
Insider trading 
Insider trading is where a person deals in the securities of the Company using inside 
information. Inside information is information that is not generally available, and 
which, if it were generally available: 
• 
a reasonable person would expect it would have a material effect on the price or 
value of the Company’s securities; or 
• 
would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in 
securities in deciding whether to acquire or dispose of the Company’s securities. 
Dealing refers to applying for, acquiring, disposing of or entering into an agreement to 
apply for, acquire or dispose of the Company’s Securities. 
Examples of inside information include, but are not limited to, the following: 
● 
prospective financial information, such as future earnings and forecasts, 
proposed changes in capital structure, dividend payments/policies, cash flows, 
and debts; 
● 
proposed or new significant contracts; 
● 
management or business restructuring proposals; 
● 
proposed mergers, acquisitions, takeovers, or tenders; and 
● 
proposed changes in operations or nature of the business. 
 
For further non-exhaustive examples, please refer to the Company’s Continuous 
Disclosure policy available on the Company website. 
It is also essential that all Employees avoid direct or indirect communication of inside 
information to anyone before it enters the public domain.  
3. 
Restrictions on dealing for all Employees 
Prohibition on Insider Trading 
Trading prohibited by law 
When dealing in securities in the Company, Employees must ensure that they, and any 
Related Person or Related Entity, do not contravene the insider trading provisions of 
the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) through the misuse of inside 
information.  
An Employee commits an offence if they have information about the Company which 
they know to be, or ought reasonably know to be, inside information and they: 
● 
deal in the Company’s securities; 
● 
procure another person, including a Related Person or Related Entity, to deal in 
the Company’s securities; or 
● 
communicate the information, directly or indirectly, to another person who they 
know, or ought reasonably to know, is likely to deal in those securities or 
procure another person to deal in those securities. 
For personal use only

 
3 
Securities Trading Policy 
Insider trading is prohibited at all times and is a criminal offence which is punishable by 
substantial fines or imprisonment or both. Insider trading may also attract civil 
penalties. 
Closed Periods 
A Closed Period is a defined period, nominated by the Company during which dealing in 
the Company’s securities is prohibited. This is done on the basis that there is a risk that 
an Employee may have access to, or a reasonable person may suspect that an 
Employee would have access to, inside information. By prohibiting dealing in the 
Company’s securities during a Closed Period, the risk of insider trading is reduced. 
All Employees are prohibited from dealing in Company securities during a Closed 
Period. An Employee is required to obtain prior written consent, in accordance with this 
Policy, if the Employee or any Related Person or Related Entity wishes to deal in 
securities during a Closed Period. 
Closed Periods include the following:  
● 
from the end of 31 December until one trading day after the release of the 
Company’s half yearly results; 
● 
from the end of 30 June until one trading day after the release of the full year 
results; and 
● 
any additional periods when Employees are restricted from trading in the 
Company’s securities by directive from the Board (for example, when the 
Company is considering a matter that might be subject to Listing Rule 3.1A -
exceptions to the general continuous disclosure rule). 
Outside of a Closed Period, Employees who are not Designated Employees may trade in 
Securities unless they are prohibited from trading under another rule in this Policy or at 
law. 
Other prohibited dealing 
Prohibition on short term and speculative trading 
Employees must not sell Company securities within three (3) months after their 
purchase except: 
● 
for the sale of Company securities within three (3) months of their vesting or 
release from restrictions under an Employee incentive scheme; or 
● 
in exceptional circumstances and where prior approval is obtained as outlined in 
section 5of this Policy. 
Employees must not deal in Company securities on a speculative basis (including short 
selling). 
Prohibition on hedging transactions and derivatives on securities 
Employees must not engage in hedging arrangements, deal in derivatives or enter into 
other arrangements that limit the economic risk related to holdings in the Company’s 
For personal use only

 
4 
Securities Trading Policy 
securities or other unvested entitlements under an Employee incentive scheme. For the 
purposes of this Policy, this prohibition applies to any contracts for difference and other 
contracts intended to secure a profit or avoid a loss based on fluctuations in the price of 
the Company’s securities.  
Margin lending and other secured financing 
Employees (including Designated Employees) are prohibited from entering into margin 
lending arrangements using Company securities.  
However, Designated Employees may enter into secured financing agreements where 
Company securities are used as security over that finance. A Designated Employee who 
wishes to enter in a secured financing agreement is required to: 
● 
obtain approval from a relevant approver as outlined in section 4 of this Policy 
prior to entering into the secured financing agreement; 
● 
ensure that any secured financing agreement will not breach any obligations 
under this Policy; 
● 
ensure that any secured financing agreement: 
o 
is subject to, and does not fetter or impact, the Board’s powers within 
any claw back or malus policy regarding any securities provided to a 
Designated Employee under an Employee incentive scheme; and 
o 
the Employee makes provisions for alternative funding to meet a call for 
collateral should the Board exercise any powers within any claw back or 
malus policy over securities; 
● 
ensure that they do not dispose of Company securities to meet a call for 
collateral on a secured financing agreement whilst in possession of inside 
information or during a Closed Period; and 
● 
notify the relevant approver immediately as outlined in section 4 of this Policy in 
the event that: 
o 
circumstances have arisen in which the financier is entitled to make or 
has made a call for collateral under a secured financing agreement; or 
o 
the Designated Employee expects that the demand under a secured 
financing agreement will not be able to be satisfied without the disposal 
of Company securities and if so, the number of Company securities likely 
to be disposed. 
Once a relevant approver has provided approval for a Designated Employee to enter 
into a secured financing agreement, such approval cannot be revoked on the use of 
those securities for that purpose. For the avoidance of doubt, a relevant approver 
retains the right to deny any future request by a Designated Employee for the further 
use of securities in a secured financing agreement. 
The Company Secretary will maintain a record of any secured financing agreement 
entered into by a Designated Employee and the Board may, in respect of such 
agreements entered into by Directors of the Company, make those details available 
publicly. 
It would be a breach of insider trading laws and this Policy if a Designated Employee 
trades Company securities pursuant to, or in connection with, a secured financing 
For personal use only

 
5 
Securities Trading Policy 
arrangement while in possession of inside information. However, where Company 
securities are traded and the Designated Employee is not involved in the decision to 
trade the Company securities (for example, where a financier decides to trade the 
Company securities), then that person would not be in breach of this Policy. 
Dealing in securities of other companies  
In the course of performing duties on behalf of the Company, Employees may obtain 
inside information in relation to another company. 
Employees must also not deal in or arrange for another person to deal in or pass on 
inside information to others who may deal in, securities of another company whilst in 
possession of inside information in respect of that company. 
4. 
Restrictions on dealing for Designated Employees 
Who is a Designated Employee? 
Designated Employees are defined as follows: 
● 
the Directors of the Company; 
● 
senior executives of the Company (being the Chief Executive Officer, Chief 
Financial Officer, Chief Commercial Officer, Chief Technology Officer, and Chief 
People Officer (also known as the KMP)); 
● 
General Counsel and the Company Secretary; 
● 
an Employee who reports directly to a KMP member; 
● 
an Employee in the Finance team; 
● 
an Employee who is named on a Jumbo M&A Insider List at the time of the 
proposed trading; 
● 
any other person who the Board, or the CEO, considers necessary from time to 
time to restrict dealing in Company securities due to their role or potential 
access to inside information; and 
● 
any Related Person or Related Entity of the above. 
Prior approval required by Designated Employees 
Designated Employees are routinely in possession of inside information (which, if 
generally available would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly 
invest in securities in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, buy or sell the 
Company’s Securities). Therefore, Designated Employees are prohibited from dealing in 
Company securities at all times without prior written approval.  
Dealing outside of a Closed Period 
Approval for dealing in Company securities by Designated Employees outside of a 
Closed Period may be requested in writing from: 
● 
in the case of the Chair of the Board, the Chair of the Audit and Risk 
Management Committee; or 
For personal use only

 
6 
Securities Trading Policy 
● 
in the case of Directors, including the CEO, the Chair of the Board; or 
● 
in the case of all other Designated Employees, the CEO. 
Within the request to deal in Company securities outside of a Closed Period, a 
Designated Employee must declare that: 
● 
the Designated Employee does not have inside information; and 
● 
the Designated Employee is not aware of any reason why the dealing should not 
be approved.  
In each case, the relevant approver of the dealing in Company securities will examine 
the transaction (and any relevant information known by the Designated Employee) 
prior to giving approval, to ensure that the transaction is not related to inside 
information, nor could be seen to be related to such information. 
It is the responsibility of the Designated Employee to ensure that any dealing in the 
Company’s securities occurs within five (5) business days. A new approval is required 
should the transaction exceed the 5 business day approval period. The approval is 
subject to the Designated Employee not having new inside information within the 
approval period. 
Dealing in securities during a Closed Period 
A Designated Employee wishing to deal in Company securities during a Closed Period 
must follow the procedure outlined in section 5 of this Policy. 
5. 
Exceptional Circumstances 
An Employee (including a Designated Employee) who wishes to trade in the Company’s 
securities where they are otherwise prohibited from doing so may apply for permission 
to trade if particular circumstances exist (Exceptional Circumstances). Under this 
Policy, Exceptional Circumstances include: 
● 
severe financial hardship requiring sale of securities; 
● 
court order or enforceable undertaking, such as in a family settlement requiring 
transfer or sale of securities; or 
● 
other circumstances specific to an individual which the Chair of the Board (or, in 
the case of the Chair of the Board, the Chair of the Audit and Risk Management 
Committee) determines are exceptional. 
The procedure for obtaining prior written clearance to trade where the Employee or 
Designated Employee are otherwise prohibited from doing so requires the Employee or 
Designated Employee to submit a written request for approval of Exceptional 
Circumstances (Request for Approval) which contains: 
● 
an explanation of the circumstances which warrant the dealing in the Company’s 
securities; and  
● 
if a clearance period longer than five (5) business days is required, then the 
duration for which clearance is sought.  
For personal use only

 
7 
Securities Trading Policy 
The Request for Approval must be approved in writing by: 
● 
in the case of the Chair of the Board: the Chair of the Audit and Risk 
Management Committee; or 
● 
in the case of Directors, including the CEO: the Chair of the Board; or 
● 
in the case of all other Designated Employees and Employees: the CEO, 
 
(each of which are a relevant approver for the purpose of this Policy). 
A Request for Approval can be approved or refused by the relevant approver in their 
sole discretion without giving reasons and any approval may be revoked at any time. 
It is the responsibility of the Employee or Designated Employee to ensure that any 
dealing in the Company’s securities occurs within five (5) business days, or any other 
period deemed reasonable by the relevant approver, after any necessary approval is 
granted otherwise a separate approval must be obtained.  
6. 
Dealings in securities excluded from this Policy  
This Policy will not apply: 
● 
to any election made to acquire shares or other securities under the terms of 
any dividend reinvestment plan or the issue of bonus shares in lieu of dividends; 
● 
where trading results in no change in the beneficial interest in securities; 
● 
to undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
● 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the existing security 
holders, such as a pro-rata rights issue, a security purchase plan or an equal 
access buy-back;  
● 
to the acquisition or exercise of options and/or rights under an employee 
incentive scheme; or 
● 
where securities are traded non-voluntarily by a financier who has made a call 
under secured financial agreements without the consent of the Designated 
Employee or relevant approver. 
However, the above exclusions remain subject to the insider trading prohibitions and 
Employees should not subsequently deal in securities in reliance on an exclusion listed 
above if they are in possession of inside information. 
7. 
Directors’ Obligations 
Directors are obliged pursuant to section 205G of the Corporations Act to provide the 
ASX with appropriate notifications of their interests in the Company’ securities and any 
changes in such interests.  
Directors should notify the Company Secretary of the trade within one (1) business 
day. 
For personal use only

8 
Securities Trading Policy 
Notification will be effected by the Company notifying the ASX in accordance with 
Listing Rule 3.19A. 
Any trading by a Director during a Closed Period will require the Company to state on 
the Appendix 3Y whether the trading occurred during a Closed Period, whether prior 
written clearance was provided and if so, on what date approval was provided. 
8.
General Provisions
This Policy applies to all transactions in any securities of the Company. 
Employees must take reasonable steps to ensure that any Related Persons or Related 
Entities are aware of, and comply with, this Policy and seek approval to deal in 
Company securities in accordance with this Policy.  
9.
Behavioural standards
It is essential that public confidence in the integrity of Jumbo is upheld at all times. Any 
perception, whether actual or implied, that Employees are using their position or access 
to inside information to gain an unfair advantage when dealing in the Company’s 
securities could significantly damage Jumbo’s  reputation and undermine Jumbo’s 
governance.  
As a general principle, Employees should consider whether their conduct could 
reasonably be perceived as inappropriate if all relevant facts were publicly known. This 
includes applying the “front page test”: how would the transaction appear if it were 
reported on the front page of the newspaper? 
10. Disciplinary Action
This Policy contains instructions and directions that Employees must comply with. 
In the event that the Company discovers a breach of this Policy by an Employee, that 
Employee may be subjected to disciplinary action up to and including the termination of 
their employment or engagement. 
11. Review
This Policy will be periodically reviewed to check that it is operating effectively and 
whether any changes are required.  
Revision and authorisation 
Approval date 
Replaces version 
dated
KMP sponsor 
Approved by 
Next review date 
25 August 2026 
18 August 2025 
CFO 
Board 
19 August 2027 
For personal use only
