                         SHARE TRADING POLICY 
                                               Jupiter Mines Limited 
 
JMS Board Approval: Nov 9 ‘10 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
 
The Corporations Act contains provisions which prohibit a person in possession of 
material, non-public information relating to a company from dealing in any way with 
shares, options or other securities issued by that company or issued or created over the 
company’s securities by third parties (Securities). 
 
The JMS Personnel Share Trading Policy (Policy) sets guidelines designed to protect 
JMS and Personnel from intentionally or unintentionally breaching these Laws. 
 
This Policy applies to all Directors, executive officers, employees, contracts and 
consultants (collectively, Personnel) of the JMS Group. 
 
 
2. 
THE LAW 
 
The principal insider trading prohibition in Australian law is contained in section 1043A 
of the Corporations Act. 
 
Section 1043A prohibits a person (an Insider) who is in possession of information 
relating to JMS that is not generally available but, if the information was generally 
available (see paragraph 3), a reasonable person would expect that information to have 
a material effect (see paragraph 4) on the price or value of JMS Securities (Material 
Non-Public Information) from: 
 
(a) applying for, acquiring, disposing of or entering into an agreement to apply for, 
acquire or dispose of JMS Securities; 
 
(b) procuring another person to apply for, acquire, dispose of or enter into an 
agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of JMS Securities; or 
 
(c) directly or indirectly communicating the Material Non-Public Information to another 
person when the Insider knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the other person 
would or would be likely to: 
 
(i) 
apply for, acquire, dispose of or enter into an agreement to apply for, acquire 
or dispose of JMS Securities; or 
 
(ii) 
procure another person to apply for, acquire, dispose of or enter into an 
agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of JMS Securities. 
 
 
3. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
Information relating to JMS would be considered to be generally available after it has 
been released to the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and the ASX has fully 
disseminated that information to the market. 
 
 
4. 
INFORMATION HAVING A MATERIAL EFFECT ON JMS SECURITIES 
 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on 
the price of JMS Securities if that information would, or would be likely to, influence 
persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or not to acquire or 
dispose of JMS Securities. 
For personal use only

                         SHARE TRADING POLICY 
                                               Jupiter Mines Limited 
 
JMS Board Approval: Nov 9 ‘10 
5. 
DETERMINING MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION 
 
Determining what is Material Non-Public Information is subjective.  It would, as an 
indication, most likely include (but not be restricted to) the following types of 
information:   
 
• 
an agreement or option to acquire an interest in a mining tenement, including the 
number of tenements, a summary of previous exploration activity and 
expenditure, where the tenements are situated, the identity of the vendor and the 
consideration for the tenements; 
 
• 
material (more than 5%) changes in JMS’ financial forecasts or expectations; 
 
• 
a declaration of a dividend or a decision that a dividend not be declared; 
 
• 
the making of a share, option or debt issue and the under or over subscription of 
that issue; 
 
• 
exogenous events in the financial markets or the mining, pipeline constructions and 
maintenance services industries, which affect JMS’ business etc; 
 
• 
proposed acquisitions, mergers, sales, joint ventures or takeovers; 
 
• 
information about JMS’ business plans, investment proposals or asset purchases 
or sales; 
 
• 
regulatory decisions or industrial actions that may affect JMS’ operations; 
 
• 
the occurrence of an environmentally related incident; 
 
 
• 
the threat, commencement or settlement of any material litigation or claim;   
 
• 
an agreement between JMS (or a related party or subsidiary) and a Director (or 
related party of the Director); 
 
• 
a change in accounting policy adopted by JMS; 
 
• 
a proposal to change JMS’ auditors; and 
 
 
• 
the health or capacity of any Director. 
 
 
6. 
INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 
The confidentiality of Material Non-Public Information must be strictly maintained within 
JMS by all persons who have access to that information, regardless of title or position. 
No Personnel shall disclose such information, except on a need-to-know basis, inside 
or outside of JMS. 
 
 
7. 
PERSONNEL IN POSSESSION OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION 
 
Personnel must not purchase or sell JMS Securities while in possession of Material 
Non-Public Information. 
 
Personnel in possession of Material Non-Public Information must not cause or procure 
a third party to deal in the Securities of JMS. 
For personal use only

                         SHARE TRADING POLICY 
                                               Jupiter Mines Limited 
 
JMS Board Approval: Nov 9 ‘10 
 
8. 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT & DIRECTORS’ DEALING IN JMS SECURITIES 
 
Trading Windows 
 
Directors and Senior Executives (being direct reports to the Chief Executive Officer, 
and those persons’ direct reports) are routinely in possession of Material Non-Public 
Information (which, if generally available would, or would be likely to, influence persons 
who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, buy or 
sell JMS Securities). As such, they (or any family member or associate over whom they 
have influence) are prohibited from dealing in JMS Securities unless such trading 
occurs during a nominated “Trading Window”. 
 
No trading in JMS Securities may occur outside of these Trading Windows (Closed 
Periods) without the permission of the Chairman.  Permission will ordinarily only be 
granted in exceptional circumstances (see section 9 below) and only in the event that 
the person involved is not in possession of Material Non-Public Information affecting 
Securities.  Requests for permission should generally be made through the Company 
Secretary. 
 
During the Trading Window, the laws prohibiting insider trading continue to apply to 
Personnel. Refer to section 2 of this Policy for further details. 
 
Personnel in all circumstances are also prohibited from entering into any agreement 
that provides lenders with rights over their interests in Securities. 
 
“Dealing in JMS Securities” includes but is not limited to buying, selling and transferring 
JMS Securities. 
 
Unless the Board otherwise directs, in its absolute discretion, Trading Windows will be 
opened at the following times: 
 
(a) 
for a period of 4 weeks following the public release by JMS of its quarterly reports 
,including Appendix 5B to the ASX (commencing on the first trading day after 
such release); 
 
(b) 
for a period of 4 weeks following the public release by JMS of its annual and half 
year results to the ASX (commencing on the first trading day after such release); 
 
(c) 
for a period of 4 weeks following the Company’s Annual General Meeting 
(commencing on the first trading day after the AGM); and 
 
(d)     during any offer period (for long as it remains open under a disclosure document 
(prepared in accordance with Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act and released to 
the ASX) issued by JMS offering Securities). 
 
Notice of Intent to Deal in JMS Securities 
 
Senior Management and Directors (or any family member or associate over whom they 
have influence) are prohibited from dealing in JMS Securities without providing the 
Chief Executive Officer (and the Chairman in the case of the Chief Executive Officer) 
with prior written notice of their intent to deal in JMS Securities.  The notice must 
include a statement that they do not believe they are in possession of any Material Non-
Public Information.  A copy of the notice will be sent to the Company Secretary for the 
official file. 
 
For personal use only

                         SHARE TRADING POLICY 
                                               Jupiter Mines Limited 
 
JMS Board Approval: Nov 9 ‘10 
Senior Management and Directors must confirm with the Chief Executive Officer (or the 
Chairman, as appropriate) that the trading has occurred.  A copy of the confirmation will 
be sent to the Company Secretary for the official file. 
 
The Company Secretary will notify the Board of all trades by Senior Management as 
soon as reasonably practicable. 
 
 
 
Anti-Hedging Policy 
 
Directors and Senior Executives are not permitted to enter into transactions with 
Securities (or any derivative thereof) in associated products which limit the economic 
risk of any unvested entitlements under any equity-based remuneration schemes 
offered by the Company.  
 
 
9. 
EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES 
 
Any member of Personnel, who is not in possession of Material Non-Public Information 
affecting Securities, may be given prior written approval to sell or otherwise dispose of 
Securities during a Closed Period where there are exceptional circumstances.  
Exceptional circumstances may include: 
 
(a) 
severe financial hardship which means a member of Personnel has a pressing 
financial commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling the 
Securities; 
 
(b) 
if a member of Personnel is required by a court order, or there are court 
enforceable undertakings to transfer or sell the Securities or there is some other 
overriding legal or regulatory requirement for the Personnel to do so; or 
 
(c) 
a situation determined by the Chairman (or in the case of the Chairman the Chief 
Executive Officer) to be an exceptional circumstance. 
 
When requesting prior written approval to sell or otherwise dispose of Securities during 
a Closed Period, Personnel must submit an application in writing (which can be by 
email) to the Chairman, generally through the Company Secretary (in the case of the 
Chairman an application in writing (which can be by email) to the Chief Executive 
Officer) including the reasons for requesting approval and confirming that Personnel are 
not in possession of Material Non-Public Information.  Approval, if granted, must be in 
writing (which can be by email) and must specify a time period for which the approval 
applies. 
 
 
10. 
EXCLUDED TRADING 
 
Trading that is excluded from the restrictions in this Policy includes: 
 
(a) 
transfers of Securities already held into a superannuation fund or other saving 
scheme in which the member of Personnel is a beneficiary; 
 
(b) 
an investment in, or trading units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a 
scheme only investing in JMS Securities) where the assets of the fund or other 
scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
 
(c) 
where a member of Personnel is a trustee, trading in Securities by that trust 
provided the member of Personnel is not a beneficiary of the trust and any 
For personal use only

                         SHARE TRADING POLICY 
                                               Jupiter Mines Limited 
 
JMS Board Approval: Nov 9 ‘10 
decision to trade during a Closed Period is taken by the other trustees or by the 
investment managers independently of the member of Personnel; 
 
(d) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
 
(e) 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, 
such as, a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution 
investment plan (DRP) and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that 
determines the timing and structure of the offer has been approved by the Board;   
 
(f) 
a disposal of securities of the entity that is the result of a secured lender 
exercising their rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement; and 
 
(g) 
the exercise (but not the sale of securities following exercise) of an option or a 
right under an employee incentive scheme, or the conversion of a convertible 
security, where the final date for the exercise of the option or right, or the 
conversion of the security, falls during a Closed Period and where the member of 
Personnel could not reasonably have been able to exercise at a time when free 
to do so; and 
 
(h) 
trading under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior written clearance 
has been provided in accordance with procedures set out in this Policy and 
where: 
 
o 
Personnel did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a Closed 
Period; and 
o 
the trading plan does not permit Personnel to exercise any influence or 
discretion over how, when, or whether to trade. 
 
 
11. 
BREACH OF INSIDER TRADING POLICY 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions of disciplinary action contained in General 
Principles, failure to comply with this Insider Trading Policy by any JMS 
Personnel constitutes cause for immediate dismissal/termination of engagement 
by JMS.  
 
In addition, a breach of the prohibitions contained in the Corporations Act is a 
criminal offence punishable by imprisonment for up to five years, a fine of up to 
$220,000, or both. 
 
 
12. 
REVIEW OF THIS POLICY 
 
This Policy will be reviewed regularly by the Company’s Directors having regard to the 
changing circumstances of the Company and any changes to this Policy will be notified 
to affected persons in writing.  If Directors and Senior Executives have any comments 
or views concerning the operation or effectiveness of this Policy, they should be 
communicated to the Company Secretary. 
For personal use only
