Kore Potash Securities Dealing Policy  
 
Page | 1 
 
 
 
SECURITIES DEALING POLICY 
__________________________________________________________________________________ 
1. INTRODUCTION 
This policy provides guidelines for the disclosure and execution for the dealing of securities to ensure 
that individuals do not misuse, or place themselves under suspicion of misusing confidential (not 
public) information about the Company that can lead to non-compliance of company and securities 
laws or stock exchange rules which can result in internal disciplinary action and/or civil and/or 
criminal prosecution.  
2. POLICY STATEMENT 
This policy applies to all Directors, Officers, Employees and Contractors of the Company and its 
controlled subsidiaries. It has been designed to ensure compliance to the Market Abuse Regulation 
(MAR) (596/2014) in that: 
 
a) An employee may not deal in any securities of the Company if they are in possession of 
inside information about the Company or its subsidiaries. Nor should an employee 
recommend or encourage someone else to deal in the Company securities at that time, even 
if the said employee will not profit from such dealing. 
   
b) An employee may not disclose any confidential information about the Company (including 
any inside information) except where an employee is required to do so as part of their 
employment or duties. This means that an employee should not share the Group’s 
confidential information with family, friends or business acquaintances. 
 
c) From time to time an employee may be given access to inside information about another 
group of companies or company (e.g. customer or supplier) in which they must not deal in 
the securities of that group or company at that time. 
 
d) The Company operates a Dealing Code which applies to the Company Directors and 
employees who can access restricted information about the Company (e.g. employees who 
are involved in the preparation of the Company’s financial reports and those working on 
other sensitive matters). An employee will be informed by the Company secretary if they are 
required to comply with this Policy and Dealing Code.  
 
e) If an employee has any questions about this Policy or if they are unsure whether they can 
deal in securities at any particular time they must contact the Company Secretary.  
 
 
For personal use only

Kore Potash Securities Dealing Policy  
 
Page | 2 
 
3. GLOSSARY 
For the purpose of this policy: 
 
TERM 
DEFINTION 
Closed Period 
Means any of the following: 
• 
The period from the end of the relevant financial 
year up to the release of the preliminary 
announcement of the Company’s annual results 
(or where no such announcement is released up 
to the publication of the Company’s annual 
financial report) or if longer the period of thirty 
(30) calendar days before such release (or 
publication); 
• 
The period from the end of the relevant financial 
period up to the release of the Company’s half-
yearly financial report or if longer the period of 
thirty (30) calendar days before such release; or 
• 
The period of thirty (30) calendar days before the 
release of each of the Company’s first quarter 
and third quarter report. 
• 
The period of two weeks before the Company’s 
Annual General Meeting. 
• 
Any other period imposed by the Risk and 
Compliance Committee from time to time 
Deal and Dealing 
Covers any type of transaction in a company’s 
securities, including purchases, sales, the exercise of 
options and using securities as collateral for a loan 
FCA 
Means the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
Investment Programme 
Means a share acquisition scheme relating only to the 
Company shares under which: 
• 
Shares are purchased by a Restricted Person 
pursuant to a regular standing order or direct 
debit or by regular deduction from the person’s 
salary or director fee’s; 
• 
Shares are acquired by a Restricted Person by 
way of a standing election to re-invest dividends 
or other distributions received; or  
• 
Shares are acquired as part payment of a 
Restricted Person’s remuneration or Director’s 
fees. 
Inside Information 
Is information about a company or its securities which 
is not publicly available, which is likely to have a non-
trivial effect on the price of such securities and which 
an investor would be likely to use as part of the basis 
For personal use only

Kore Potash Securities Dealing Policy  
 
Page | 3 
 
of his or her investment decision 
Market Abuse Regulation 
Means the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014) 
Notifiable Transaction 
Means any transaction relating to Company Securities 
conducted for the account of a PDMR or PCA or on 
their behalf by a third party and regardless of whether 
or not the PDMR or PCA had control over the 
transaction, This captures every transaction which 
changes a PDMR’s or PCA’s holding of Company 
Securities, even if the transaction does not require 
clearance under this code. It also includes gifts of 
Company Securities, the grant of options or share 
awards, the exercise of options or vesting of share 
awards and transactions carried out by Investment 
Managers or other third parties on behalf of a PDMR, 
including where discretion is exercised by such 
Investment Managers or other third parties on behalf 
of a PDMR, including where discretion is exercised by 
such Investment Managers or third parties and 
including 
under 
trading 
plans 
or 
investment 
programmes. 
PCA 
Means a person closely associated with a PDMR  
• 
A spouse or civil partner of a PDMR; 
• 
A PDMR’s child or stepchild under the age of 18 
years who is unmarried and does not have a civil 
partner; 
• 
A relative who has shared the same household as 
the PDMR for at least one year on the date of the 
relevant dealing; or 
• 
A legal person, trust or partnership where the 
managerial responsibilities are discharged by a 
PDMR or by a PCA (the afore mentioned) which is 
directly or indirectly controlled by such a person 
or which is set up for the benefit of such a person 
or which has economic interests which are 
substantially equivalent to those of such a 
person.    
PDMR 
Means 
a 
person 
discharging 
managerial 
responsibilities in respect of the Company, being 
either: 
• 
A Director of the Company; or 
• 
Any other employee who has been told that they 
are a PDMR. 
Restricted Person 
Means: 
• 
A PDMR; or 
• 
Any other person who has been told by the 
Company that the clearance procedures of this 
policy apply to them.  
For personal use only

Kore Potash Securities Dealing Policy  
 
Page | 4 
 
Trading Plan 
Means a written plan entered into by a Restricted 
Person and an independent third party that sets out a 
strategy for the acquisition and/or disposal of 
Company Securities by the Restricted Person and: 
• 
Specifies the amount of Company Securities to be 
dealt in and the price at which and the date on 
which the Company Securities are to be dealt in; 
• 
Gives discretion to that independent third party 
to make trading decisions about the amount of 
Company Securities to be dealt in and the price at 
which and the date on which the Company 
Securities are to be dealt in; or 
• 
Includes a method for determining the amount of 
Company Securities to be dealt in and the price at 
which and the date on which the Company 
Securities are to be dealt in.  
Securities 
Are any publicly traded or quoted shares or debt 
instruments and any linked derivatives or financial 
instruments. This would include shares, depositary 
receipts, options and bonds 
4. RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIS POLICY 
The Risk & Compliance Committee will have the overall responsibility for administration of this 
Policy.  
 
The Company Secretary will be responsible for the day to day administration of this Policy and 
monitoring and enforcing compliance with its provisions and procedures. The Company Secretary 
will ensure that all individuals and entities listed in point 3 are provided with a copy this Policy and 
the related Procedures.  
5. DEALING CODE 
The Dealing Code is made up of Part A and Part B. 
 
Part A of this Code contains the Dealing clearance procedures which must be observed by the 
Company’s PDMRs and those employees who have been told that the clearance procedures apply to 
them. This means that there will be certain times when such persons cannot Deal in Company 
Securities. 
 
Part B sets out certain additional obligations which only apply to PDMRs. 
 
5.1 Part A: Clearance Procedures 
 
5.1.1 
Clearance to Deal 
 
a) An employee may not Deal for themselves or for anyone else, directly or indirectly in 
Company Securities without obtaining clearance from the Company in advance. 
 
For personal use only

Kore Potash Securities Dealing Policy  
 
Page | 5 
 
b) Applications for clearance to Deal must be made in writing and submitted to the Company 
Secretary. 
 
c) An employee may not apply for clearance to Deal if they are in possession of inside 
information. If the employee becomes aware of being or may be in possession of inside 
information after the submission of an application, they must inform the Company Secretary 
immediately and refrain from Dealing even if clearance has been given. 
  
d) An employee will receive a written response to their application within five (5) working days. 
The Company has the right not give reasons if permission to Deal is not granted. Any refusal 
to Deal must be kept confidential and may not be discussed with any other persons. 
 
e) If an employee is granted clearance, they must deal within two (2) working days of receiving 
clearance. 
 
f) Clearance to Deal may be given subject to conditions. Where this is the case the employee 
must observe these conditions when Dealing. 
 
g) An employee may not enter, amend or cancel a Trading Plan or an Investment Programme 
under which Company Securities may be purchased or sold unless clearance has been given 
to do so.   
 
h) Different clearance procedures will apply where Dealing is being carried out by the Company 
in relation to an employee share plan (e.g. if the Company is making an option grant or share 
award to an employee or shares are receivable on vesting under a long-term incentive plan). 
If its applicable to an employee they will be notified separately of any arrangements for 
clearance.  
 
i) 
If an employee acts as the trustee of a trust, they must speak to the Company Secretary 
about their obligations in respect of any Dealing in Company Securities carried out by the 
trustee(s) of the trust.  
 
j) 
An employee should seek further guidance from the Company Secretary before transaction 
in: 
 
• 
Units or shares in a collective investment undertaking (e.g. an UCITS or an 
alternative Investment Fund) which holds or might hold Company Securities; or 
• 
Financial instruments which provide exposure to a portfolio of assets which has or 
may have an exposure to Company Securities  
 
This is the case if the employees do not intend to transact in Company Securities by making 
the relevant investment.   
 
5.1.2 
Further Guidance 
 
If an employee is uncertain as to whether a particular transaction requires clearance, they must 
obtain guidance from the Company Secretary before carrying out said transaction.  
 
5.2 Part B: Additional Provisions for PDMRs 
 
5.2.1 
Circumstances for Refusal 
For personal use only

Kore Potash Securities Dealing Policy  
 
Page | 6 
 
 
An employee will not ordinarily be given clearance to Deal in Company Securities during any 
period when there exists any matter which constitutes inside information or during a closed 
period.  
 
5.2.2 
Notifications of Transactions 
 
Australia 
 
A director must, either personally or through a third party, notify the ASX within (five) 5 days 
after any transaction in Company Securities that results in a change in the relevant interests of 
the director in the Company’s Securities. 
 
In addition, under the ASX Listing Rules, the Company is required to notify the ASX:  
 
a) Of such dealings within five (5) business days of such dealings taking place; and 
b) Whether the dealing occurred during a closed period and if so, whether written clearance 
was obtained. 
 
All directors will provide notice of such dealings to the Company as soon as possible after such 
dealing to enable the Company to comply with its obligations under the ASX Listing Rules. A 
notice given by the Company to the ASX under the ASX Listing Rules satisfies the director’s 
obligation to notify the ASX under the Corporations Act. Any director requiring assistance in this 
regard should contact the Company Secretary. 
 
United Kingdom 
 
An employee must notify the Company and the FCA in writing of every notifiable transaction in 
Company Securities conducted for your account as follows: 
 
a) Notifications to the Company must be made on a clearance application and sent to the 
Company Secretary as soon as practicable and in any event within one (1) working day of the 
transaction date. The employee should ensure that their Investment Manager (whether 
discretionary or not) notifies them of any notifiable transactions conducted on their behalf 
promptly to allow the employee to notify the Company within this time frame.  
 
b) Notifications to the FCA must be made within three (3) working days of the transaction date. 
A copy of the notification form is available on the FCA’s website.   
 
If an employee is uncertain as to whether a transaction is a notifiable transaction they must 
obtain guidance from the Company Secretary.  
 
5.2.3 
PCAs and Investment Managers 
 
a) The employee must provide the Company with a list of their PCAs and notify the Company of 
any changes that need to be made to that list. 
 
b) The employee must request that their PCAs do not Deal (whether directly or through an 
Investment Manager) in Company Securities during Closed Periods and not to deal on 
consideration of a short -term nature. A sale of Company Securities which were acquired less 
than a year previously will be dealing of a short-term nature. 
 
For personal use only

Kore Potash Securities Dealing Policy  
 
Page | 7 
 
c) An employee’s PCA’s are also required to notify the Company within one (1) working day and 
the FCA within three (3) working days in writing. An employee must inform their PCAs in 
writing and keep a copy.  
 
5.3 Continuous Disclosure of Price Sensitive or Material Sensitive Information 
 
a) The Company and its subsidiaries is responsible and obligated to preserve the confidentiality 
of undisclosed material information while ensuring compliance with laws respecting timely, 
factual, complete and accurate continuous disclosure, price sensitive or material 
information, tipping and insider trading.   
 
b) The Company has obligations under corporate and securities laws and stock exchange rules 
to keep the market fully informed of information which may have a material effect on the 
price or value of the Company’s securities and to correct any material misrepresentation, 
mistake or misinformation in the market.  
 
c) This policy covers disclosures in documents filed with the securities regulators and stock 
exchanges and written statements made in the Company’s annual and quarterly reports, 
news releases, letters to shareholders, presentations by senior management and 
information contained on the Company’s website and other electronic communications. It 
extends to oral statements made in meetings and telephone conversations with analysts and 
investors, interviews with the media as well as speeches, press conferences and conference 
calls. 
 
d) The Company takes continuous disclosure seriously and requires that all of its Directors, 
Officers, Employees and Contractors observe and adhere to the Company’s procedures and 
policies governing compliance with all laws pertaining to continuous disclosure, tipping and 
insider trading. 
 
e) If there is misuse of price sensitive or material information not yet disclosed to the market 
by trading or breach in confidentiality, extremely serious penalties may apply to the 
individual or individuals involved. 
 
f) The “Disclosure Committee” consisting of the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Executive 
Officer, an independent Director and the Company Secretary has overall responsibility for 
administration of the Policy. The composition of the Disclosure Committee may change from 
time to time. 
 
5.3.1 
Procedures Relating to Disclosure 
 
Securities legislation as it applies provides guidance to the Company, its Directors, Officers and 
Employees and encourages the full disclosure of price sensitive or material information.   
 
a) Price sensitive information is generally as follows: 
 
Any non-public information concerning the Company that a reasonable person would expect 
to have a material effect on the price or value on the Company’s securities.  
 
A “material fact” means a fact that would reasonably be expected to have a significant effect 
on the market price or value of the Company’s securities.   
 
A “material change” means a change in the Company’s business, operations or capital that 
For personal use only

Kore Potash Securities Dealing Policy  
 
Page | 8 
 
would reasonably be expected to have a significant effect on the market price or value of 
Company securities and includes a decision to implement such a change if such a decision is 
made by the Board Members or by the Company’s Senior Management.  
 
b) Disclosure 
 
Material Information is required to be disclosed to the public. The Disclosure Committee, in 
consultation with Board Members and others, shall determine what is deemed to be 
Material Information and provide final sign off for the appropriate public disclosure. 
Disclosure must be corrected if the Company subsequently learns that earlier disclosure 
contained a material error at the time that it was given.  
 
c) Dissemination 
 
Upon determining that Material Information exists, news releases disclosing Material 
Information will be transmitted immediately to any stock exchange on which the Company’s 
securities may be listed, relevant regulatory bodies and major news wire services that 
disseminate financial news to the financial press and to daily newspapers.   
 
The Company will prepare all documents required by exchange polices to be prepared, 
disclosed, disseminated, or filed, including through the exchange and disclosed within the 
prescribed time limits.    
 
As a rule, the Company does not disclose any forward-looking financial information, 
including earnings guidance. If forward-looking information, other than forward-looking 
financial information, is to be disclosed, the Company will: 
 
• 
Include reasonable cautionary language identifying the forward-looking information as 
forward-looking; 
• 
Identify material factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from a 
conclusion, forecast, or projection in the forward-looking information; 
• 
Include the material factors or assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or 
making a forecast or projection; and 
• 
Not disclose forward-looking information unless there is a reasonable basis for the 
conclusion or the making of the forecast or projection set out in the forward-looking 
information. 
 
d) Should an individual become aware of price sensitive information they must inform the 
Company Secretary and provide following information: 
• 
A general description of the matter; 
• 
Type of price sensitive information;  
• 
Details of the parties involved; 
• 
The relevant date of the event or transaction; 
• 
The status of the matter (for example, progress on processing of the data or information 
or information on final/negotiations still in progress/preliminary negotiations only); 
• 
The estimated value of the transaction; 
For personal use only

Kore Potash Securities Dealing Policy  
 
Page | 9 
 
• 
The estimated effect on The Company’s finances or operations; and 
• 
The names of any in-house or external advisers involved in the matter  
 
5.3.2 
Prohibition of Selective Disclosure and Tipping 
 
a) What is Selective Disclosure? 
 
Selective disclosure, which is prohibited, occurs when a reporting issuer (i.e. a publicly 
traded company, such as Kore Potash), discloses Material Information to select groups of 
individuals, such as analysts or institutional investors, that has not generally been disclosed 
to the public.  
 
b) Selective Disclosure to be made in accordance with this Policy 
 
Any communication of Material Information to select groups or individuals such as analysts, 
institutional investors, shareholders or industry participants that has not been Generally 
Disclosed to the public is prohibited or, if made, shall be made only in accordance with this 
Policy.  
 
c) Unintentional Disclosure of Material Information 
 
If it becomes apparent that the prohibition against selective disclosure has been violated, an 
Authorised Spokesperson shall immediately be informed and such Material Information shall 
be disclosed to the public in accordance with this Policy. Pending the public release of 
Material Information, an Authorised Person shall contact the parties who have received the 
information and advise them that they have received Material Information, that it has not 
yet been generally disclosed and communicate to such parties that they have been placed in 
the position of a “special person” and therefore cannot trade on, or disclose, the information 
until it has been generally disclosed.  
 
d) Market Rumours 
 
As a matter of principle, no comment will be issued by the Company in response to market 
rumours unless a clarification is reasonably required in light of the circumstances.  
 
5.3.3 
Electronic Disclosures 
 
a) General  
 
Distribution of information via a website, e-mail or otherwise via the internet is subject to 
the same laws as traditional forms of dissemination such as news releases. Disclosure of any 
information by the Company through electronic communications is subject to the rules and 
regulations noted in this Policy.  
 
b) Electronic Communications cannot be Misleading 
 
Material information posted on the Company’s website must not be misleading. Material 
information is misleading if it is incomplete, incorrect or omits a fact so as to make another 
statement misleading.  
 
c) Website. 
For personal use only

Kore Potash Securities Dealing Policy  
 
Page | 10 
 
 
The Company’s website must be maintained in accordance with stock exchange rules. 
 
The website must contain an e-mail link to an investor relations contact for the Company to 
facilitate communication with investors. Inaccurate information must be promptly removed 
from the website. Information contained on the website must be removed or updated when 
it is no longer current. No links will be created from the Company’s website to chat rooms, 
newsgroups, blogs or bulletin boards.  
 
d) Electronic Communications cannot be used to “Tip” or "Leak” material information. 
 
Employees may not use the internet to tip or discuss in any form undisclosed material 
information about the Company.  
 
e) Electronic Communications must comply with Securities Laws 
 
Documents related to a distribution of securities should only be posted on a website if they 
are filed with and receipted by the appropriate securities regulators. Additionally, as anyone 
in the world can access a website, foreign securities regulators may take the view that 
posting offering documents on a website that can be accessed by someone in their 
jurisdiction constitutes an offering in that jurisdiction unless appropriate disclaimers are 
included in the document or other measures are taken to restrict access.  
 
f) Posting of Information Electronically 
 
All investor relations information, including all material public documents should be posted 
on, or made accessible through the Company’s website as soon as possible following 
dissemination that has been made in accordance with this Policy.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
CHANGE CONTROL TABLE 
 
NO. 
REVISION 
STATUS 
DATE 
AUTHOR 
DESCRIPTION OF THE 
CHANGE 
CHANGE NOTE 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AUTHORISATIONS 
 
For personal use only

Kore Potash Securities Dealing Policy  
 
Page | 11 
 
DELEGATION 
NAME 
DATE 
SIGNATURE 
Author 
Vanessa Valenti 
 
 
Reviewer (Exco Member) 
Werner Swanepoel 
 
 
CEO 
Sean Bennett 
 
 
Board Member 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only
