     
 
 
 
L1 Group Limited 
ABN 13 050 064 287 
Level 45, 101 Collins Street, Melbourne VIC 3000 
 
Phone +61 3 9286 7000 
Fax +61 3 9286 7099
www.L1Group.com.au
 
 
2 March 2026 
 
 
The Manager 
ASX Market Announcements 
Australian Securities Exchange Limited 
Sydney NSW 2000 
 
By e-Lodgement 
 
 
Updated Securities Trading Policy 
 
L1 Group Limited (ASX: L1G) (the Company) advises that, in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 
12.10, the Company has updated its Securities Trading Policy. 
 
A copy of the updated Securities Trading Policy is attached and it is also available on the 
Company’s website at https://l1.group/L1G-security-trading-policy. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Authorised by  
Joanne Jefferies | Company Secretary 
 
Investor contact 
Andrew Stannard | Chief Financial Officer 
L1 Group Limited 
Tel:  61 2 9255 7500 
 
For personal use only

www.L1Group.com.au
L1 Group Limited | ABN 13 050 064 287 
Level 45, 101 Collins Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000 
Tel +61 3 9286 7000  I  Fax +61 3 9286 7099
24 February 2026
L1 Group Securities  
Trading Policy
For personal use only

A.	 Introduction
This Securities Trading Policy has been approved by the Board of Directors (“Board”) of L1 Group Limited 
ABN 13 050 064 287 (“Company”).
The purpose of this policy is to:
(a)	
set out the circumstances in which Covered Persons may Trade in L1G Securities;
(b)	
assist Covered Persons to avoid conduct known as insider trading or market misconduct; and
(c)	
prevent actual or perceived conflicts of interest and protect the reputation of the Company.
B.	 Scope 
(a)		
Who are Covered Persons?
All directors (executive and non-executive directors), officers, employees and contractors of: 
•	 the Company;
•	 First Maven Pty Ltd;
•	 L1 Capital Pty Ltd (“L1 Capital”);
•	 Platinum Investment Management Limited (“Platinum”);
•	 members of the Platinum Compliance Committee;
•	 any other company (“Entity”) in respect of which any of the above mentioned companies, hold 50% or 
more of the issued share capital of the Entity;
•	 L1 Global Long Short Fund Limited (“GLS”); 
•	 L1 Long Short Fund Limited (“LSF”); and 
–	 all directors of any company within the Company’s broader corporate group (“L1 Group”), 
regardless of the ownership percentage, 
are subject to this policy (“Covered Persons”).
This policy also applies in respect of L1G Securities traded by or in respect of:
•	 an immediate family member* of a Covered Person;
•	 any trust, company, partnership or superannuation fund** that the Covered Person or the Covered 
Person’s immediate family member* directs, influences, controls or conducts business through;
•	 any account in which a Covered Person has a beneficial interest;
•	 any account over which a Covered Person has direct (investment discretion) or indirect influence or 
control;
•	 a person or entity which is under the ‘control’ (as defined in section 50AA of the Corporations Act) of a 
Covered Person; and
•	 any account over which a Covered Person has an economic interest.
* An immediate family member is defined as a parent; sibling; child by blood, adoption or marriage; spouse; de facto spouse, 
grandparent or grandchild living in a Covered Person’s home. An immediate family member will be considered to be living in a Covered 
Person’s home if they have done so for six or more months out of a recent 12 month period.
** Accounts held with a regulated superannuation fund where the Covered Person or the Covered Person’s immediate family member* 
is unable to influence investment decisions (e.g. the default option) are not captured by this policy. 
L1G Securities Trading Policy – February 2026
Page 2
For personal use only

(b)		
What are L1G Securities?
The following are L1G Securities for the purposes of this policy:
•	 L1G shares;
•	 other securities issued by L1G, including deferred rights and performance rights issued under an 
employee incentive scheme;
•	 financial products (e.g. derivatives) that are issued or created by third parties over L1G shares or over 
any other securities issued by the Company;
•	 units in any actively managed exchange traded funds of the L1 Group (“L1 Group Active ETFs”).
C.	 Trading Restrictions
(a)		
Closed Trading periods
Covered Persons are prohibited from Trading in L1G Securities (other than units in L1 Group Active ETFs) 
and may not procure others to Trade (including on their behalf) during the following periods:
•	 from the first Trading Day after the end of each calendar quarter until the next Trading Day following 
the Company’s announcement of the quarterly assets under management figure to the ASX (usually 
around the fifth Trading Day following the end of a calendar quarter);
•	 from 1 January (each year) until the next Trading Day following the Company’s analyst briefing (usually 
around mid-February each year);
•	 from 1 July (each year) until the next Trading Day following the Company’s analyst briefing (usually 
around mid-August each year); and
•	 any other “black-out period”, as determined by the Board or the Company’s Due Diligence Committee,
each of the above is a “Closed Trading Period”.
(b)		
Short-term Trading
Covered Persons must not engage in short-term Trading of any L1G Securities. Buying and selling (or 
selling and buying) within a six (6) month period is considered short-term.
(c)		
Exemptions may be granted under certain circumstances 
A Covered Person wishing to:
•	 Trade in L1G Securities (other than units in L1 Group Active ETFs) during a Closed Trading Period; or
•	 engage in short-term Trading in L1G Securities,
may apply in writing to the Company Secretary for an exemption if special circumstances exist (such as 
financial hardship or a court order requiring the sale or transfer of L1G securities). The Company 
Secretary may approve or deny the request in their sole discretion and will notify the Covered Person in 
writing of the outcome.
L1G Securities Trading Policy – February 2026
Page 3
For personal use only

(d)		
Hedging transactions and short selling 
Covered Persons are prohibited from entering into transactions:
•	 in derivative instruments or other products associated with L1G Securities which operate to limit the 
economic risk of their holding in L1G Securities; or
•	 which amount to ‘short selling’ of L1G Securities or otherwise enable a Covered Person to profit from a 
decrease in the market price of L1G Securities.
 D.	 Procedure for Trading in L1G Securities
(a)		
Pre-clearance 
•	 Platinum employees and contractors (“Platinum Covered Persons”) must obtain pre-authorisation to 
Trade L1G Securities by following the procedures set forth in Platinum’s personal trading rules 
contained in its Business Rules of Conduct; 
•	 Directors of the Company, non-executive directors of LSF or GLS and external members of the 
Platinum Compliance Committee, must obtain pre-authorisation to Trade L1G Securities by submitting 
a request to the following email address c&l@platinum.com.au;
•	 All other Covered Persons (including employees and contractors of L1 Capital Pty Ltd y) must obtain 
pre-authorisation to Trade L1G Securities from the L1 Capital Head of Legal and Compliance using the 
pre-approval request form in L1 Assured].
Approvals, once granted, are valid for one (1) Business Day, unless otherwise notified.
(b)		
Trade Confirmation
•	 Platinum Covered Persons must provide a trade confirmation to the L1G Compliance and Risk team by 
following the procedures set forth in Platinum’s personal trading rules contained in its Business Rules 
of Conduct; 
•	 Directors of the Company, non-executive directors of LSF or GLS and external members of the 
Platinum Compliance Committee must provide a trade confirmation via the following email address 
c&l@platinum.com.au within one (1) Trading Day of the trade date.
•	 All other Covered Persons (including employees and contractors of L1 Capital Pty Ltd who are not 
otherwise directors of the Company) must upload a trade confirmation to L1 Assured.
E.	 Excluded from this Policy
This Policy does not apply to Covered Persons in the following circumstances:
(a)	
Trading in L1G Securities under a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan is not subject to 
pre-clearance. Updated holdings must be reported as follows:
•	 Platinum Covered Persons must report updated holdings to the L1G Compliance and Risk team 
by following the procedures set forth in Platinum’s personal trading rules contained in its 
Business Rules of Conduct; 
•	 Directors of the Company, non-executive directors of LSF or GLS and external members of the 
Platinum Compliance Committee must report updated holdings via the following email address 
c&l@platinum.com.au within one (1) Trading Day of the trade date.
•	 All other Covered Persons (including employees and contractors of L1 Capital Pty Ltd who are 
not otherwise directors of the Company) must upload a trade confirmation to L1 Assured.
L1G Securities Trading Policy – February 2026
Page 4
For personal use only

(b)	
any transfers between different accounts of the Covered Person where there is no change in the 
beneficial owner; or
(c)	
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer for L1G Securities.
F.	 Market Prohibitions
Breaches of the Corporations Act by a Covered Person could expose that person to civil and 
criminal liability.
(a)		
Insider trading 
Section 1043A of the Corporations Act prohibits ‘insider trading’. It is illegal for Covered Persons to Trade 
in L1G Securities, or to procure others to Trade in L1G Securities (including on their behalf), whilst aware 
of inside information i.e. information that is not generally available and if the information was generally 
available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of securities 
of L1G Securities.
(b)		
Market Misconduct
The ‘market misconduct’ provisions of the Corporations Act prohibit certain trading behaviour and 
activity:
•	 market manipulation - s.1041A;
•	 false trading and market rigging - s.1041B and s.1041C;
•	 dissemination of information about illegal transactions - s.1041D;
•	 false or misleading statements - s.1041E;
•	 inducing persons to deal - s.1041F; and
•	 dishonest conduct - s.1041G.
It is illegal for Covered Persons to carry out activities that are in contravention of these provisions. 
G.	 Administration
(a)		
Training
The Company Secretary is responsible for making Covered Persons aware of this policy and arranging 
appropriate training for Covered Persons. 
(b)		
Compliance 
Non-compliance with this policy may breach the Act and/or the ASX Listing Rules and damage the 
Company’s reputation. Breaches may result in disciplinary action including dismissal. 
(c)		
Review 
This policy will be reviewed periodically by the Company Secretary to check whether it is operating 
effectively and whether any changes to the policy are required. Any change (other than to administrative 
matters) must be approved by the Board.
L1G Securities Trading Policy – February 2026
Page 5
For personal use only

H.	 Glossary
ASX 
ASX Limited (ACN 008 624 691) 
Board 
board of Directors of the Company 
Company 
L1 Group Limited (ABN 13 050 064 287) 
Company Secretary
secretary of the Company
Corporations Act
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), as amended from time to time
Covered Persons
has the meaning set forth in Section B (a) of this policy
GLS
L1 Global Long Short Fund Limited (ABN 51 063 975 431)
Listing Rules 
ASX listing rules, as amended from time to time
L1 Capital
L1 Capital Pty Ltd (ABN 21 125 378 145)
L1 Covered Persons
has the meaning set forth in Section D (a) of this policy
L1 Group 
has the meaning set forth in Section B (a) of this policy
L1 Group Active ETFs
units in any actively managed exchange traded funds of the L1 Group
L1G Securities
has the meaning set forth in Section B (b) of this policy
LSF
L1 Long Short Fund Limited (ABN 47 623 418 539)
Platinum 
Platinum Investment Management Limited (ABN 25 063 565 006)
Platinum Covered 
Persons
has the meaning set forth in Section D (a) of this policy
Trade 
includes subscribing for, purchasing, acquiring, transferring, selling or 
disposing of L1G Securities or entering into an agreement to do any of 
those things, and ‘Trading’ has a corresponding meaning
Trading Day
a day on which shares are traded on the Australian Securities Exchange.
L1G Securities Trading Policy – February 2026
Page 6
For personal use only
