  
 
1 July 2026 
Markets Announcement Office  
ASX Limited                                                                   
LIBERTY GROUP  
UPDATED SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, Liberty Financial Group (ASX:LFG) provides an updated 
securities trading policy.  A copy of the securities trading policy is attached and available on LFG’s website 
at www.lfgroup.com.au 
Authorised for disclosure by the Board. 
For further information: 
 
Investor contact: 
Peter Riedel 
+61 3 8635 8005 
investorrelations@lfgroup.com 
 
 
 
 
About the Liberty Group 
 
Liberty Group is a leading diversified finance company in Australia and New Zealand. Its businesses 
include residential and commercial mortgages, motor vehicle finance, personal loans, business loans, 
broking services, general insurance and investments. Liberty has raised more than $54 billion in global 
capital markets. Since 1997, Liberty has helped nearly one million customers get financial. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
Liberty Financial Group Limited (ABN 59 125 611 574) 
 
Liberty Fiduciary Ltd (ABN 80 119 884 623) as responsible entity for 
the Liberty Financial Group Trust (ARSN 644 813 847) 
 
For personal use only

2 
 
 
1. 
Application 
Introduction 
1.1 
This Securities Trading Policy (Policy) sets out the Liberty Group's policy on Trading 
Securities of the Liberty Group. 
1.2 
The ordinary shares in the Company and the ordinary units in the Trust are stapled 
together and quoted on the ASX. The Securities must trade and otherwise be dealt 
with together in accordance with the respective constitutions of the Company and 
the RE and the Stapling Deed entered into between the Company and the RE as 
the responsible entity for the Trust.  
1.3 
As the Securities are stapled, each Board considers it appropriate to have a 
common security trading policy relating to the Securities. 
Reasons for this Policy 
1.4 
Each Board has adopted this Policy to regulate Trading by Staff in the Securities.  
1.5 
All Staff are required to conduct their personal investment activity in a manner that 
is lawful and avoids conflicts of interest between the Staff member’s personal 
interests and those of the Liberty Group. The Company and the RE are also keen 
to promote securityholder and general market confidence in the Liberty Group. 
1.6 
This Policy is specifically designed to: 
(a) 
raise awareness of the prohibitions on insider trading contained in Part 7.10 
of the Corporations Act - see section 4 for further details; 
(b) 
minimise any potential for breach of the prohibitions on insider trading, as 
well avoid the appearance of any insider trading; and 
(c) 
meet the obligations under the ASX Listing Rules to maintain a Securities 
Trading Policy. 
Who does this Policy apply to? 
1.7 
This Policy applies to all Staff and certain contractors (where stated in their terms 
of engagement) of the Liberty Group. 
2. 
Definitions and interpretation 
Definitions 
2.1 
In this Policy, unless the context otherwise requires: 
ASX means ASX Limited (ABN 98 008 624 691) or the financial market conducted 
by ASX Limited, as the context requires. 
ASX Listing Rules means the listing rules of ASX applicable to the Liberty Group 
from time to time. 
Board means the board of directors of the Company or the RE (as the case may 
be). 
Chair means the Chair of the Board of the Company. 
For personal use only

3 
 
 
Closed Period means any time other than during a Trading Window. 
Company means Liberty Financial Group Limited (ABN 59 125 611 574). 
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Derivatives has the meaning given in section 761D of the Corporations Act and 
includes options, forward contracts, swaps, futures, warrants, caps and collars.  
Director means any director of the Company or the RE (as the case may be). 
Exceptional Circumstances means circumstances which the Chair (or the Chair 
of the Audit and Risk Committee in the case of proposed Trading by the Chair), 
after having liaised with the Board of the Company and the Board of the RE, decides 
are so exceptional that the proposed Trading of Securities is the only reasonable 
course of action available, which can include the circumstances set out in section 
7.1. 
Liberty means the Company and its controlled entities. 
Liberty Group means Liberty and the Trust Group.  
Prohibited Period means any Closed Period and any additional period from time 
to time when the Chair, after having liaised with the Board of the Company and the 
Board of the RE, imposes a prohibition on Trading. 
RE means Liberty Fiduciary Ltd (ABN 80 119 884 623) as the responsible entity for 
the Trust. 
Securities includes the Stapled Securities, and any options, rights, debentures, 
interests in a management investment scheme, Derivatives and other financial 
products relating to or over the Stapled Securities, covered by the insider trading 
provisions in the Corporations Act.  
Senior Executives means:  
(a) 
the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial 
Officer; 
(b) 
all direct reports to the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief 
Financial Officer or Executive Director;  
(c) 
any other person who is one of the Company's key management personnel 
(as defined in AASB 124 Related Party Disclosures), including those persons 
identified as key management personnel in the Company's most recent 
Annual Report; and 
(d) 
any Staff members who have been notified that the Board designates them 
as a Senior Executive for the purposes of this Policy. 
Stapled Securities means the ordinary shares in the Company and the ordinary 
units in the Trust that are stapled together pursuant to a stapling deed entered into 
between the Company and the RE in its capacity as responsible entity of the Trust. 
Staff means a person who is an employee, officer or director or person seconded 
to the Liberty Group and includes the Senior Executives. 
For personal use only

4 
 
 
Trade or Trading means: 
(a) 
buying or selling Securities; 
(b) 
entering into an agreement to buy or sell Securities; or 
(c) 
exercising options, rights or awards to acquire Securities. 
Trading Window means any period specified in clauses 3.8 to 3.10. 
Trust means the Liberty Financial Group Trust (ARSN 644 813 847). 
Trust Group means the RE, the Trust and their controlled entities. 
Interpretation 
2.2 
In this Policy, a reference to writing includes writing delivered by email.  
3. 
Trading Windows 
Trading may occur only during Trading Windows 
3.1 
All Trading in Securities by Staff must be in accordance with this Policy and 
generally will only be permitted during Trading Windows and must not occur during 
any Prohibited Period. 
3.2 
No Trading in Securities may occur outside of Trading Windows without prior written 
permission, unless an exception in section 3.11 applies.  
3.3 
Permission to Trade outside of Trading Windows will ordinarily only be granted in 
Exceptional Circumstances and only in the event that the person involved is not in 
possession of inside information affecting Securities.  
3.4 
Requests for permission should generally be made through the Company Secretary. 
Refer to section 7 for further details. 
When is Trading during a Trading Window prohibited? 
3.5 
Even if the Trading Window is open, the laws prohibiting insider trading continue 
to apply to Staff so that they must not trade if they possess any inside information 
(unless they are only acquiring Securities under an employee incentive scheme, 
which is excluded from the insider trading prohibitions). Refer to section 4 of this 
Policy for further details. 
3.6 
Staff are prohibited from: 
(a) 
(short term trading) other than when a Staff member exercises employee 
options or performance rights to acquire Securities at the specified exercise 
price, Trading in Securities (or an interest in Securities) on a short-term 
trading basis.  Short-term trading includes buying and selling Securities 
within a 6 month period, and entering into other short-term dealings (e.g. 
forward contracts);  
(b) 
(short positions) Trading in Securities which enable a Staff member to 
profit from or limit the economic risk of a decrease in the market price of 
Securities; or 
(c) 
(hedging) entering into arrangements which have the effect of limiting the 
economic risk related to an unvested share, option or other Security granted 
For personal use only

5 
 
 
or awarded under an employee incentive scheme (or a vested share, option 
or other Security granted, awarded or acquired under an employee incentive 
scheme that is still subject to disposal restrictions). 
3.7 
Separately, the Corporations Act prohibits a Senior Executive and their “closely 
related parties” from entering into arrangements that would have the effect of 
limiting the Senior Executive’s exposure to risk relating to an element of their 
remuneration (such as a share, option or other Security granted, awarded or 
acquired under an employee incentive scheme) that has not vested, or has vested 
but remains subject to a disposal restriction.  “Closely related parties” include the 
Senior Executive’s spouse, child or dependent (including their spouse’s child or 
dependent), and any company, trust or managed superannuation fund controlled 
by the Senior Executive.  
When are the Trading Windows? 
3.8 
The Trading Windows during which Staff will be permitted to Trade Securities will 
be notified by the Company Secretary on the Liberty Group's website or by email 
to Staff.  These will generally be open at the following times: 
(a) 
for a period of four weeks commencing on the trading day following the 
public release by the Company and the Trust of their preliminary annual and 
half year results to the ASX; 
(b) 
for a period of four weeks commencing on the trading day following the 
holding of the Company's and RE’s Annual General Meeting;  
(c) 
for a period of four weeks commencing on the trading day following the 
public release by the Company or the RE of any earnings guidance in respect 
of the Company or the Trust, respectively;   
(d) 
during the offer period (for so long as it remains open) under any publicly 
available disclosure document issued by the Liberty Group offering 
Securities;  
(e) 
for a period of four weeks commencing on the trading day following the 
public release of the Company’s or the Trust’s respective quarterly reports 
to the ASX; and 
(f) 
at any other time as the Board of the Company may permit (after having 
liaised with the Board of the RE). 
3.9 
Notwithstanding the time periods described above the Chair may, in consultation 
with the Board of the Company and the Board of the RE, declare a Trading Window 
closed at any time at its absolute discretion and without prior notice.  For example, 
this could occur where directors of the Company believe that certain Staff may hold 
inside information relating to the Liberty Group. 
3.10 
Trading Windows will not automatically be opened at the times described above.  
Details of when a Trading Window is opened or closed and any Prohibited Periods 
will be posted on the Liberty Group's website or notified by email to Staff.  Staff 
should check the website to confirm that a relevant Trading Window applies before 
Trading in any Securities. 
For personal use only

6 
 
 
Trade Exceptions  
3.11 
The following Trades are permitted at any time (i.e. during both Trading Windows 
and Prohibited Periods) but subject always to insider trading laws and the other 
restrictions in this Policy: 
(a) 
an acquisition or the exercise of Securities (including an option, award or 
other right to acquire Securities, which may be cash and/or equity settled) 
under an employee incentive scheme, but not the sale of Securities following 
such acquisition or exercise; 
(b) 
the conversion of a convertible security, where the final date for the 
conversion of the security falls during a Prohibited Period; 
(c) 
Trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the shareholders 
such as a rights or entitlement issue, a security purchase plan, or an equal 
access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure 
of the offer has been approved by the Board of the Company, after having 
liaised with the Board of the RE.  This includes decisions relating to whether 
or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to 
provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable 
pro rata issue; 
(d) 
Trading where the beneficial interest in the relevant Securities does not 
change. This includes: 
(i) 
a dealing by which the relevant Securities are transferred by any 
Staff from their personal holdings to a superannuation fund of which 
they are a beneficiary; and 
(ii) 
the withdrawal of Securities from an employee incentive scheme and 
the transfer of those Securities to the participant's personal holdings 
or superannuation fund of which they are a beneficiary;  
(e) 
an acquisition of Securities under a dividend reinvestment plan, provided 
the election to participate in the dividend reinvestment plan was not made 
during a Prohibited Period or when the Staff member was in possession of 
any inside information; 
(f) 
any Staff accepting a takeover bid or transferring Securities under a scheme 
of arrangement in respect of the Liberty Group;  
(g) 
an involuntary disposal of Securities that is the result of a secured lender or 
financier exercising their rights. However, this does not extend to disposal 
under a margin lending arrangement where such arrangement is prohibited 
by this Policy; 
(h) 
an acquisition of Securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of the 
Liberty Group’s Securities of the same class; 
(i) 
where the Company has an employee incentive scheme with any Staff as a 
trustee of the scheme, an acquisition of securities by a Staff member in their 
capacity as a trustee of the scheme; 
(j) 
indirect and incidental Trading that occurs as a consequence of any Staff 
dealing in securities issued by a managed investment scheme, listed 
investment company, exchange-traded fund or similar investment vehicle 
For personal use only

7 
 
 
that is managed by a third party and that happens to hold as part of its 
portfolio Securities; 
(k) 
where a Staff member is a trustee, Trading in the Securities of the Liberty 
Group by that trust provided the Staff member is not a beneficiary of the 
trust and any decision to trade during a Prohibited Period is taken by the 
other trustees or by the investment managers independently of the relevant 
Staff member; and 
(l) 
Trading under a pre-determined investment or divestment plan for which 
prior written clearance has been provided in accordance with procedures set 
out in this Policy and where:  
(i) 
the Staff member did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during 
a Prohibited Period; 
(ii) 
the trading plan does not permit Staff to exercise any influence or 
discretion over how, when, or where to Trade; and 
(iii) 
the trading plan does not allow for the cancellation of a trading plan 
or for Staff to otherwise vary their participation in the trading plan 
during a Prohibited Period other than in Exceptional Circumstances. 
3.12 
Despite the above exceptions, under the insider trading laws, a person who 
possesses inside information is generally prohibited from Trading even where 
Trading falls within an exception specified above (including if the Trade occurs when 
a Trading Window is open). Staff are individually responsible for their investment 
decisions and their compliance with insider trading laws.  Accordingly, any Staff 
considering trading in Securities should carefully consider whether they are in 
possession of any inside information that might preclude them from Trading and, if 
they have any doubt in this regard, they should not Trade. 
Escrow 
3.13 
Any Staff who hold Securities subject to binding restrictions on transfer (either as 
ASX restricted securities or through voluntary escrow arrangements) must comply 
with the terms of any applicable escrow arrangements and will be unable to trade 
in Securities during that time.  Once the escrow arrangements have ended, Staff 
are not free to Trade in their Securities unless permitted by this Policy. 
4. 
Insider trading laws  
What is insider trading? 
4.1 
Under the Corporations Act, all Staff and former Staff members are prohibited in 
all circumstances from Trading in Securities at any time if they are in possession of 
"inside information" (see sections 4.7 to 4.9 below) whether or not a Trading 
Window is open or an exception above applies (other than an acquisition of 
Securities under an employee incentive scheme, which is excluded from the insider 
trading prohibition). 
4.2 
Staff are also prohibited from procuring others to Trade in Securities when the Staff 
member is precluded from Trading. 
4.3 
In addition, Staff: 
(a) 
must not communicate inside information to someone who might then: 
For personal use only

8 
 
 
(i) 
Trade in Securities; or  
(ii) 
procure another person to Trade in Securities,  
including to any family members, relatives and entities which the Staff 
controls (noting the insider trading prohibition also extends to entities and 
persons associated with Staff, as further described in section 4.6 below); 
and 
(b) 
should seek to ensure that third parties who come into possession of inside 
information preserve its confidentiality and do not Trade while in possession 
of that information.  This will usually be achieved by means of a written 
confidentiality agreement. 
4.4 
It does not matter how or in what capacity any Staff become aware of inside 
information.  It does not have to be obtained from the Liberty Group to constitute 
inside information. 
4.5 
Staff cannot avoid the insider trading prohibition by arranging for a family member, 
friend or other person to Trade in Securities nor may any Staff give "tips" 
concerning inside information relating to the Liberty Group to others. 
4.6 
The insider trading prohibition under the Corporations Act also applies to entities 
and persons associated with Staff if they hold inside information, even where those 
entities or persons are not employed by, or otherwise considered Staff of, the 
Liberty Group. This includes spouses, family members, trusts, companies, 
nominees and other persons over whom Staff have, or may be expected to have, 
investment control or influence. 
What is inside information? 
4.7 
Inside information is information relating to the Liberty Group which is not 
generally available but, if the information were generally available, a reasonable 
person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of the 
Securities.  Inside information can include matters of speculation or supposition 
and matters relating to intentions or likely intentions of a person. 
4.8 
Information is regarded as being likely to have a material effect if it would, or would 
be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities or other traded 
financial products in deciding whether or not to deal in the Securities. 
4.9 
Examples of inside information could include: 
(a) 
the financial performance of Liberty or the Trust Group against their 
respective budgets; 
(b) 
changes in Liberty’s or the Trust Group’s actual or anticipated financial 
condition or business performance; 
(c) 
changes in the capital structure of Liberty or the Trust Group, including 
proposals to raise additional equity or borrowings; 
(d) 
proposed changes in the nature of the business of Liberty or the Trust Group; 
(e) 
changes to either Board or significant changes in key management 
personnel; 
(f) 
an undisclosed significant change in Liberty's market share; 
For personal use only

9 
 
 
(g) 
likely or actual entry into, or loss of, a material contract; 
(h) 
material acquisitions or sales of assets by either Liberty or the Trust Group; 
(i) 
a proposed dividend or distribution or a change in dividend or distribution 
policy; or 
(j) 
a material claim against a member of the Liberty Group or other unexpected 
liability. 
What are the consequences of insider trading? 
4.10 
Insider trading is strictly prohibited by law, and it is important that all Staff do not 
breach that prohibition.  Insider trading, or the perception of insider trading, by 
any Staff will not be tolerated.  Breach of the law, this Policy, or both, will also be 
regarded by the Company as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary 
action or dismissal. 
4.11 
The existence of a personal financial emergency or hardship does not excuse non-
compliance with this Policy.  It is important that the Liberty Group and Staff do not 
participate in any insider trading activities, but also that we avoid any appearance 
of insider trading. 
4.12 
Any allegation of insider trading would be likely to have a serious detrimental 
impact on the Liberty Group and its business and all Staff must be seen to be 
actively and diligently upholding the law and complying with this Policy. 
4.13 
Breach of the insider trading laws may subject the Liberty Group and Staff to: 
(a) 
criminal liability (penalties include heavy fines or imprisonment); 
(b) 
civil liability (including orders to pay compensation for any loss suffered as 
a result of illegal trading activities); or  
(c) 
civil penalty provisions (the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission may seek civil penalties against relevant persons and may also 
seek court orders that relevant individuals be disqualified from managing a 
corporation). 
5. 
Trading in securities of other companies  
5.1 
While in general Staff are free to deal in securities of other listed companies, the 
insider trading prohibitions under the Corporations Act include dealings not only in 
the Securities but also those of other listed companies with which the Liberty Group 
may be dealing where any Staff possess inside information in relation to that other 
company. 
5.2 
If any Staff are aware of inside information in respect of another company, the 
Staff member should not trade or deal in the securities of the company that it 
affects.  For example, where the Staff member is aware that either the Company 
or the RE is about to sign a major agreement with another company, Staff should 
not buy securities in either the Liberty Group or the other company. 
5.3 
The Board of the Company, after having liaised with the Board of the RE, may 
extend this Policy by specifying that Staff are also restricted from dealing in 
securities of other specified companies with which Liberty or the Trust Group may 
have a close relationship. 
For personal use only

10 
 
 
6. 
Pre-notification and reporting of Trades 
Who and when must give notification of an intention to Trade? 
6.1 
Subject to section 6.8 below, when permitted to Trade in accordance with this Policy, 
all Directors and Senior Executives must give prior written notice (Trading Notice) 
of any proposed Trading in Securities and confirm that they do not possess any 
inside information: 
(a) 
in the case of Senior Executives, to the Company Secretary; 
(b) 
in the case of a Director of the Company, to the Chair; 
(c) 
in the case of the Chair, to the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee, 
(each a Notification Officer).  
6.2 
The Trading Notice must include a statement by the Director or Senior Executive 
certifying that: 
(a) 
they are not in possession of any inside information that might preclude 
them from Trading at the relevant time; and 
(b) 
they will not Trade if they subsequently become aware of any inside 
information that might preclude them from Trading. 
6.3 
The Director or Senior Executive must not proceed with the Trade unless and until 
they have received written confirmation from the relevant Notification Officer that 
the Liberty Group does not object to the Trade (Trade Clearance). 
6.4 
The Notification Officer or the Directors (as applicable) can object to the proposed 
Trade in their discretion, without giving reasons, including in circumstances where 
new information comes to light or there is a change in circumstances.  
6.5 
If the proposed Trade is objected to: 
(a) 
the relevant Notification Officer must promptly notify the relevant Director 
or Senior Executive in writing that the Trade must not proceed, and must 
advise each of the Boards (noting the Board of the Company may overrule 
the decision if they think appropriate, after having liaised with the Board of 
the RE); and  
(b) 
the relevant Director or Senior Executive must keep that information 
confidential and not disclose it to anyone.   
Any decision by the Liberty Group to object to the proposed Trade is final 
and binding on the relevant Director or Senior Executive.   
6.6 
If the Notification Officer provides a Trade Clearance in accordance with section 6.3, 
the clearance to make the relevant Trade expires at the end of the relevant Trading 
Window applicable to the proposed Trade, or such other date as notified by the 
relevant Notification Officer in writing.  
6.7 
Under inside trading laws, a person who possesses inside information is generally 
prohibited from Trading in those securities, even where the proposed Trade is 
notified in accordance with section 6 and not objected to.  The failure of the Liberty 
Group to object to a proposed Trade is not an endorsement of the proposed Trade.  
The relevant Director or Senior Executive is individually responsible for their 
For personal use only

11 
 
 
investment decisions and their compliance with insider trading laws.  Accordingly, 
before making any Trade, the relevant Director or Senior Executive should carefully 
consider whether they are in possession of any inside information that might 
preclude them from Trading and, if they have any doubt in this regard, they should 
not Trade. 
What Trading does not need to be pre-notified? 
6.8 
The only Trades that do not need to be pre-notified during Trading Windows or 
Prohibited Periods are those that are expressly permitted in section 3.11 (Trade 
Exceptions). 
Notification of Trades 
6.9 
In addition to providing prior notification under section 6.1, once a Trade of any 
Securities has been made by or for a Director or a Senior Executive, details of the 
Trade, including the number and price of Securities involved, must be notified by 
email to the Company Secretary.  
6.10 
Further, Directors must immediately notify the Company Secretary of all 
acquisitions or disposals or other Trading of Securities, including date, price and 
volume, without exception so that the Company can comply with its ASX reporting 
obligations.  Each disclosure notice given to the ASX will need to state whether the 
relevant trade occurred outside of a Trading Window and, if so, whether prior 
written clearance was provided.  
Notification of an intention to Trade on behalf of associates 
6.11 
Directors and Senior Executives must give at least 5 business days’ prior written 
notice of any proposed Trading in Securities in accordance with section 6.1 on 
behalf of their associates. For this purpose, “associates” of a Director or Senior 
Executive includes their spouses, family members, trusts, companies, nominees 
and other persons over whom a Director or Senior Executive has, or may be 
expected to have, investment control or influence. 
7. 
Exceptional circumstances 
7.1 
Staff may make requests for permission to Trade outside of the Trading Windows 
only in Exceptional Circumstances (except if this would breach the insider trading 
provisions).  Exceptional Circumstances may include: 
(a) 
severe financial hardship, where any Staff have pressing financial 
commitments that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling Securities; 
(b) 
requirements under a court order or court enforceable undertakings or other 
legal or regulatory requirements; or 
(c) 
any other exceptional circumstances as determined by the Chair (or the 
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee in the case of proposed Trading by 
the Chair). 
7.2 
A request for permission to Trade due to Exceptional Circumstances should be made 
by written notice to the Company Secretary outlining: 
(a) 
the name of the Staff member; 
For personal use only

12 
 
 
(b) 
details of the Exceptional Circumstances and the reasons for requesting 
permission to Trade; 
(c) 
the type of proposed transaction (purchase, sale, etc.); and 
(d) 
the number and type of Securities involved, 
and must be accompanied by documentary evidence reasonably sufficient to 
support or substantiate the Exceptional Circumstances, together with a statement 
by the relevant Staff member certifying that they are not in possession of any inside 
information that might preclude them from Trading at the relevant time, and that 
they will not Trade if they subsequently become aware of any inside information 
that might preclude them from Trading. 
7.3 
The Company Secretary will consult with the Chair (or the Chair of the Audit and 
Risk Committee in the case of proposed Trading by the Chair) who must consult 
with both the Board of the Company and the Board of the RE in relation to any 
proposed Trading due to Exceptional Circumstances.  Permission to Trade is entirely 
discretionary, and Staff should not Trade in the expectation that permission will 
later be given. 
7.4 
If permission to Trade is granted, it will be given in writing and the Staff member 
may only Trade the Securities during the period specified in the permission.  A 
permission expires five trading days from its date, unless it specifies a different 
date. 
7.5 
Any permission to Trade can be given or refused by the Liberty Group in its 
discretion, without giving any reasons.  A permission to Trade can be withdrawn if 
new information comes to light or there is a change in circumstances.  Any decision 
by the Liberty Group to refuse permission is final and binding on the person seeking 
the permission.  If permission to Trade is refused, the person seeking the 
permission must keep that information confidential and not disclose it to anyone. 
7.6 
Under inside trading laws, a person who possesses inside information is generally 
prohibited from Trading in those securities, even where the permission for the 
Trade is provided in accordance with this section 7.  Any permission to Trade is not 
an endorsement of the proposed Trade.  The relevant Staff member is individually 
responsible for their investment decisions and their compliance with insider trading 
laws.  Accordingly, before making any Trade, the relevant Staff member should 
carefully consider whether they are in possession of any inside information that 
might preclude them from Trading and, if they have any doubt in this regard, they 
should not Trade.  
8. 
Margin lending arrangements  
8.1 
Except as approved in accordance with section 8.3, Directors of the Company or 
the RE and Senior Executives may not include their Securities in a margin loan 
portfolio or otherwise Trade in Securities pursuant to a margin lending arrangement 
(Margin Lending Arrangement).   
8.2 
A Margin Lending Arrangement would include: 
(a) 
entering into a margin lending arrangement in respect of Securities; 
(b) 
transferring Securities into an existing margin loan account; and 
For personal use only

13 
 
 
(c) 
selling Securities to satisfy a call under a margin loan except where the 
holder of Securities has no control over the sale. 
8.3 
Directors and Senior Executives may request permission from the Board of the 
Company to enter into a Margin Lending Arrangement. A request for permission to 
enter into a Margin Lending Arrangement and the potential to Trade Securities 
pursuant to that arrangement should be made by written notice to the Company 
Secretary and the decision to give or refuse approval is at the sole discretion of the 
Board of the Company, after having liaised with the Board of the RE. 
8.4 
Each Director and Senior Executive remains individually responsible for their own 
investment decisions and compliance with the law (including insider trading 
prohibitions) and this Policy. Directors or Senior Executives should remember, in 
particular, that the insider trading prohibitions are overriding obligations and apply 
at all times, despite all other terms of this Policy. In particular, if a Director or 
Senior Executive is in possession of inside information, he or she must not Trade 
in Securities, even if approval has been given by the Board of the Company.  
8.5 
If approval to a Margin Lending Arrangement is given by the Board of the Company 
in accordance with section 8.3, the relevant Margin Lending Arrangement must be 
disclosed in writing to the Company Secretary as soon as practicable after entry 
into that arrangement and, in any case, not more than 24 hours afterwards.  
9. 
Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
Staff must not commence, amend or withdraw from a dividend reinvestment plan 
of the Company during a Prohibited Period, other than in Exceptional Circumstances. 
10. 
Review of Policy and compliance with Policy 
This Policy will be reviewed regularly by the Board of the Company (who must liaise 
with the Board of the RE) having regard to the changing circumstances of the 
Company and any changes to this Policy will be notified to the ASX. If Staff have 
any comments or views concerning the operation or effectiveness of this Policy, 
they should be communicated to the Company Secretary. 
11. 
Breaches 
11.1 
Breaches of this Policy will be viewed seriously and may lead to disciplinary action 
being taken against the relevant Staff member which may include dismissal.  Any 
Staff who become aware of a violation of this Policy should immediately report the 
violation to the Company Secretary. 
11.2 
It should be noted that, in some circumstances, the Liberty Group may be obliged 
to notify regulatory and/or criminal authorities of a breach of this Policy. 
12. 
Other matters 
12.1 
Where the Chair has the authority to make any decision or exercise any discretion 
under this Policy, and is unavailable to do so, the Chair of the Audit and Risk 
Committee is authorised to make that decision or exercise that discretion on behalf 
of the Chair.  
For personal use only

14 
 
 
12.2 
Where the Company Secretary has the authority to perform any function or make 
any decision under this Policy and is unavailable to do so, the Chair is authorised 
to perform that function or make that decision on behalf of the Company Secretary. 
13. 
Questions 
For questions about the operation of this Policy or its application in any particular 
situation, please contact the Company Secretary. 
 
For personal use only
