 
14 May 2019 
 
Trading in Shares Policy 
 
 
The Board of Macmahon Holdings Limited (ASX: MAH) (the Company) has today approved a 
revised Trading in Shares Policy. 
 
A copy is lodged with ASX in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10. The Trading in Shares Policy 
is also available on the Company’s website at: www.macmahon.com.au. 
 
 
 
*** ENDS *** 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
Chris Chong 
Manager – Corporate Development and Investor Relations 
cchong@macmahon.com.au 
+61 8 9232 1877 / +61 408 774 365 
 
 
About Macmahon 
 
Macmahon is an ASX listed company offering the complete package of mining services to miners 
throughout Australia and South East Asia. 
 
Macmahon’s extensive experience in both surface and underground mining has established the 
Company as the contractor of choice for resources projects across a range of locations and commodity 
sectors.  
 
Macmahon is focused on developing strong relationships with its clients whereby both parties work in 
an open, flexible and transparent way to ensure mutually beneficial outcomes whilst also minimising 
risks for both parties. 
 
Visit www.macmahon.com.au for more information.  
  
For personal use only

 
MDL Ref: G-986 
 
Rev. Date: 14-May-19 
Trading in  
Shares Policy 
Directors, Officers & employees dealing in Macmahon shares 
Members of KMP (as defined below) are strictly prohibited from any trading of a short-term or speculative 
nature in the securities of Macmahon Holdings Limited (“Macmahon”).  
Closed periods 
Furthermore, a member of KMP may not deal in securities of Macmahon: 
1. 
during the periods beginning on 30 June and 31 December each year and ending on the 
trading day after release of Macmahon's full year results and half year results, respectively;  
2. 
immediately prior to announcements in relation to any material changes in Macmahon’s 
financial performance or changes to (including entry into, renewal or termination of) major 
contracts; or 
3. 
during any other period imposed by the Macmahon Board from time to time (for example, when 
it is considering matters which are subject to the disclosure exception in ASX Listing Rule 
3.1A).  
Each of the above is referred to as a closed period. 
A member of KMP who wishes to exercise employee options or performance rights, participate in 
dividend reinvestment and rights issues, accept an offer made to all Shareholders or make transfers to 
related parties, may generally do so during a closed period; however, they must at all times comply with 
all legislative requirements regarding dealing in securities (see further below). 
Insider trading prohibition 
In addition to the specific requirements of this policy, members of KMP and other employees must 
ensure they comply with all legislative requirements regarding trading in securities. In particular, 
individuals should be aware of the prohibitions in the corporations legislation on dealing in securities if 
they are in possession of “inside information” (which is information concerning Macmahon or another 
entity that is not generally available, which, if made public, would be likely to have a material impact on 
the price of the securities of the relevant entity).  
Procedural guidelines 
Members of KMP of Macmahon are strongly encouraged to follow a long term holding policy with respect 
to their investments in Macmahon’s securities (which includes derivatives). 
Prior to dealing in Macmahon shares: 
 
a Director should obtain the agreement of the Chairman (who will consult with at least one of 
Macmahon’s Disclosure Officers); 
 
the Chairman should obtain the agreement of all other Directors (who may consult with 
Macmahon’s Disclosure Officers); and 
 
a member of KMP that is not a Director should obtain the written agreement of one of 
Macmahon’s Disclosure Officers (who will consult with at least one other Disclosure Officer), 
For personal use only

MDL Ref: G-986 
 
Rev. Date: 14-May-19 
in each case, to ensure there is no impediment to such dealing. 
(Note that Macmahon has appointed the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Company 
Secretary and General Counsel as its Disclosure Officers.) 
Any permission to deal in Macmahon shares should specify how long that clearance will last.  
The requirement to obtain the Chairman’s or the CFO’s written agreement, as the case may be, does 
not apply where the securities are being acquired under a standing instruction under the Dividend 
Reinvestment Program, through the exercise of options or performance rights granted under 
Macmahon’s incentive plans or under an acceptance of offers made to all Shareholders. However, the 
requirement does apply to the trading of these securities once they have been acquired and the insider 
trading prohibition continues to apply at all times.  
When a member of KMP has obtained written agreement to sell shares, it would be appropriate to advise 
the CFO in advance of the actual time of the transaction in order for Macmahon to be in a position to 
respond to any external queries on the nature or reason for the sale. 
If shares are to be bought or sold then they should wherever possible be traded on one trading order 
and not over an extended period of time. This is intended to indicate the trade is an investment decision 
and not a speculative one. 
Australian Securities Exchange (“ASX”) listing rule 3.19A requires the Company to notify the ASX of a 
change in a director’s interest within 5 business days. Members of KMP must notify the Company 
Secretary of details of any trade in Macmahon’s securities within two business days of such trade 
occurring to enable the Company to (where applicable) meet its obligations under the ASX Listing Rules. 
Directors are obliged under section 205G of the Corporations Act to notify the ASX within 14 days after 
any change in a director’s interest. The Company Secretary will ensure that all necessary disclosures 
are lodged at the ASX on behalf of the Company. 
The Company Secretary will maintain a register for all trades and holdings in Macmahon’s securities by 
members of KMP. The Company Secretary monitors and ensures compliance with this policy. 
Prohibited transactions 
All members of KMP and employees are prohibited from entering into transactions or arrangements that 
limit the economic risk of participating in unvested entitlements under any equity-based remuneration 
scheme. Any hedging of unvested equity will result in immediate forfeiture. 
Margin loans 
If a member of KMP enters into a margin lending arrangement involving Company shares or otherwise 
encumbers Company shares (“Security Arrangement”), then the member of KMP must provide details 
of the Security Arrangement to the Chairman, or the Company Secretary immediately. Where a member 
of KMP has entered into a Security Arrangement for a material number of shares, the Company may be 
required or may otherwise decide to notify the ASX of these arrangements. 
General  
In this policy: 
“Key Management Personnel” or “KMP" means:  
1. 
those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the 
activities of Macmahon, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or 
otherwise) of Macmahon; and 
2. 
includes any closely related party of a person referred to in paragraph 1; and  
3. 
includes any employee who in the performance of his or her duties may become aware of 
price sensitive information in respect of Macmahon or who the Macmahon Board deems to be 
a member of KMP for the purposes of this policy from time to time. 
For personal use only
