 
 
 
 
21 December 2010 
 
The Manager-Listings 
Australian Securities Exchange Limited 
Exchange Centre 
20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY NSW 2000 
 
Via electronic lodgement 
 
Dear Sir 
 
Macquarie Telecom Share Trading Policy 
 
Attached is the Macquarie Telecom Group Limited Share Trading Policy, which is provided so as to comply 
with ASX Listing Rule 12.9 when it comes into effect on 1 January 2011. 
 
 
 
 
Yours faithfully 
Macquarie Telecom 
 
 
 
 
 
Richard Lutterbeck 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
| delivering for business and government
macquarietelecom.com 
For personal use only

MACQUARIE TELECOM GROUP LIMITED 
SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
1.   
Statutory prohibitions 
The Australian Corporation Act imposes a number of obligations and duties in relation to dealing in 
securities by insiders. The law in summary provides that an insider must not: 
(a) 
Deal in securities of an entity whilst in possession of Confidential Price Sensitive Information 
relating to the entity that is not generally available; 
(b) 
Procure any other person to Deal in those securities; or 
(c) 
Communicate the Confidential Price Sensitive Information to any person who he/she knows or 
ought reasonably to know will make use of the information for the purpose of dealing or procuring 
others to deal in those securities 
 
  Penalties 
The penalties for breach of the statutory prohibitions can be either criminal or civil or both. 
- 
criminal penalties can be either a fine of up to A$200,000 or imprisonment for five years or 
both. 
- 
Civil penalties are a fine of up to A$200,000 for an individual 
2. 
Macquarie Telecom’s Share Trading Policy 
 
In order to guard against the misuse of price sensitive information, the Board of Macquarie Telecom has 
established guidelines relating to the Board, Senior Managers and other employees dealing in the 
company’s shares. 
Those guidelines are as follows: 
1. Directors, senior managers and other employees are prohibited from dealing in shares during the 
following two “blackout periods”: 
 
from 1 July to the date of announcement of the full year results 
 
from 1 January to the date of announcement of the half-year results 
2. Outside these blackout periods trading in shares will be permitted.  Directors, senior managers and 
other employees have the responsibility to advise the appropriate officer of any trading outside these 
blackout periods.  The identity of the appropriate officer will be determined as follows: 
Person Wishing to Trade 
Appropriate Officer 
Chairman 
Chairman of the Audit Committee 
Directors 
Chairman 
Senior Managers 
Company Secretary 
Other Employees 
No advice required 
“Senior Managers” means managers who regularly report to the Board and attend Board meetings. 
These individuals are specifically notified and advised. 
For personal use only

3. Directors, Senior Managers and Other Employees should not deal in Macquarie Telecom shares during 
a blackout period unless Exceptional Circumstances exist. Exceptional Circumstances means severe 
financial hardships or other circumstances considered to be exceptional, including a court order or court 
enforceable undertakings in a bona fide family settlement to transfer Macquarie Telecom shares or 
some other overriding legal or regulatory requirements to transfer Macquarie Telecom shares. 
4. Dealings inside a blackout period are to be decided for Directors (other than the Chairman) by the 
Chairman, for the Chairman by the Audit Committee Chairman and for the Senior Managers and Other 
Employees by the Chief Executive Officer in each case in their sole discretion and in each case notified 
to the Company Secretary. 
5. Any prior written clearance to trade in Exceptional Circumstances must specify the duration of such 
clearance and must be in writing (which includes email). 
6. The issue of shares or the grant or exercise of options under share incentive schemes is not deemed to 
be dealing in Macquarie Telecom shares. The subsequent sale of shares is, however, a dealing which 
is subject to this policy. 
The Board takes the matter of dealing in Macquarie Telecom’s shares by Directors and Senior Managers 
seriously and expects full compliance with this policy. Failure to comply with it by any Director, Senior 
Manager or Other Employee may result in termination of employment or other disciplinary action. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only
