Trading In Securities Policy
 Page 1
Trading In Securities Policy
Approved Date:    4 July 2013
POLICY STATEMENT 
This policy relates to dealings in securities and other financial products, 
including Meridian shares and other companies’ shares.  It sets out the 
responsibilities of Meridian directors, employees and contractors, and 
secondees to Meridian.
PURPOSE OF THIS POLICY 
The purpose of this policy is to ensure that Meridian and its subsidiaries’ 
directors, employees, contractors and secondees comply with the law 
prohibiting insider trading and that dealings in Meridian Securities by such 
persons are beyond reproach.
SCOPE AND FIT 
This is a Corporate Group Policy.  It applies to all entities within the Meridian 
Group of companies and prevails over any previous policy or rules relating 
to trading in securities.
POLICY DETAIL 
Who this policy applies to: 
This policy applies to directors and employees of, and contractors and 
secondees to, Meridian or any of Meridian’s subsidiaries (‘Meridian 
Persons’).  It also applies to companies, trusts and other entities controlled 
by any Meridian Person and any family member or other person acting on 
the direction or recommendation of a Meridian Person.
In addition to the rules applicable to all Meridian Persons, this policy 
contains additional rules that apply to a subset of Meridian Persons, 
referred to in this policy as ‘Meridian Restricted Persons’.  Meridian 
Restricted Persons are:
• all directors of Meridian;
• the Chief Executive, all members of the Executive Management Team and 
their direct reports; 
• all legal and investor relations staff; 
• all staff who are members of the Long Term Incentive Plan; 
• during the period of any share buyback by Meridian, those directly 
involved in or having knowledge of the details of the share buyback (e.g. 
Treasury staff); 
• anyone else notified by the General Counsel from time to time (whether 
by name, designation, position or business group); and
• companies, trusts and other entities controlled by any of the persons 
referred to above and any family member or other person acting on the 
direction or recommendation of any of the persons referred to above.

Meridian Restricted Persons remain subject to this policy and will be 
deemed to be Meridian Restricted Persons for six months after their 
departure from Meridian.
Compliance is an individual responsibility:
 Each Meridian Person has an individual responsibility to ensure that they 
comply with the law relating to insider trading and the other requirements 
of this policy.
This policy:
• is only a general guide in relation to complex legal provisions and should 
not be taken as legal advice;
• does not replace other legal obligations relating to trading in securities – 
in particular insider trading laws; 
• is designed to reduce the risk of insider trading or insider conduct 
occurring, but compliance with this policy will not guarantee that insider 
trading laws are not breached.  
If you do not understand this policy or how it applies to you, then you 
should speak to the General Counsel.  However, any guidance from the 
General Counsel will not affect your individual responsibility to comply 
with your obligations under this policy.
What this policy applies to: 
This policy applies to all trading in Meridian Securities and Other Financial 
Products in which Meridian Persons are involved.
‘Involved’ includes not just the buying or selling of securities or other 
financial products held by Meridian Persons. It also includes a situation 
where a Meridian Person has tipped or advised someone else to buy, sell 
or hold the relevant securities or financial products even if the relevant 
securities or financial products are not held by a Meridian Person or any 
person or entity related to them. 
‘Meridian Securities’ in this policy means:
• Meridian shares listed on the NZSX or ASX; and
• listed debt securities issued by Meridian or its subsidiaries to the public; 
and 
• any other securities of Meridian or its subsidiaries, including any 
debentures, convertible notes, units of shares, options or derivatives 
(including futures contracts listed on a futures exchange) in respect 
of any securities of Meridian or its subsidiaries and any other financial 
product that is traded on a financial market.
Security is defined broadly and includes any interest in, or right to 
participate in, any capital, assets, earnings, royalties, or other property of 
any person, and any interest in, or right to be paid, money that is, or is to be 
deposited with, lent to, or otherwise owing by, any person. If you are unsure 
whether something is a ‘security’ then you should speak to the General 
Counsel.
For personal use only

Trading In Securities Policy
 Page 2
‘Other Financial Products’ in this policy means securities of public issuers 
i.e. shares or debt securities listed on an exchange, options or derivatives 
created over or in respect of any such securities, and futures contracts 
listed on a futures exchange.  A public issuer is a party to a listing 
agreement with an exchange.
This policy does not apply to:
• acquisitions and disposals of Meridian Securities or Other Financial 
Products by gift or inheritance; and
• acquisitions of Meridian Securities or Other Financial Products through 
an issue of new Meridian Securities or Other Financial Products, such as 
an issue of new shares on the exercise of options or under a rights issue 
or share purchase plan.
Breach of this policy and monitoring of trading: 
This policy forms part of the terms and conditions of employment for all 
Meridian employees.  A breach of this policy is a breach of conditions of 
employment with Meridian and may lead to disciplinary action, including 
dismissal.  For contractors and secondees, a breach of this policy may lead 
to termination of contract.
A breach of this policy may also amount to the criminal offence of ‘insider 
trading’ or ‘insider conduct’.  This may result in conviction and penalties 
– including imprisonment and fines – and liability to pay compensation to 
Meridian and / or third parties.  Civil penalties may also apply, including 
the payment of compensation to any person who suffers loss or damages 
because of insider trading.  Persons in breach are unlikely either to be 
covered by Meridian’s insurance or entitled to an indemnity from Meridian.
Meridian may monitor the trading of Meridian Persons as part of the 
administration of this policy.  
RULES APPLICABLE 
Meridian’s trading in securities policy consists of:
• Three rules applicable to all Meridian Persons
• Five additional rules applicable to Meridian Restricted Persons
RULES APPLICABLE TO ALL MERIDIAN 
PERSONS
Rule One: Meridian Persons are prohibited from insider 
trading
Insider trading is trading in securities or other financial products while in 
possession of material information not generally available to the market.
For Meridian Persons, the prohibition against insider trading applies to 
trading in Meridian Securities such as Meridian shares.  It also applies to 
trading in Other Financial Products, such as the shares of another company.
This means Meridian Persons possessing material information not generally 
available to the market must not:
• trade Meridian Securities or Other Financial Products;
• advise, procure, incite, induce or encourage others to trade or hold 
Meridian Securities or Other Financial Products;
• advise, procure, incite, induce or encourage others to advise or 
encourage others to trade or hold Meridian Securities or Other Financial 
Products; or
• directly or indirectly disclose the material information to any other 
person knowing (or where the Meridian Person ought reasonably to 
know) or believing that the other person will or is likely to:
• trade or hold Meridian Securities or Other Financial Products; or
• advise, procure, incite, induce or encourage someone else to trade or 
hold Meridian Securities or Other Financial Products.

‘Trade’ includes applying for, acquiring or disposing of securities or other 
financial products, or agreeing to do so.  
‘Material information’ is information that a reasonable person would expect, 
if it were generally available to the market, to have a material effect on the 
price of the relevant securities or value of the relevant futures contract.  
Material effect in this context means the information would, or would be 
likely to, influence people in deciding whether to buy or sell the relevant 
security.
It is not possible to give a definitive list of types of material information but, 
in relation to Meridian, it may include information relating to:
• a significant new project;
• Meridian’s financial performance; 
• the introduction of a new product or service; 
• the revaluation of Meridian’s assets; 
• a possible change in Meridian’s strategy; 
• a possible acquisition or sale of any assets or company by Meridian; 
• a significant change in Meridian’s market share; 
• entry into or the likely entry into or termination or likely termination of 
material contracts or other business arrangements; 
• a possible change in Meridian’s capital structure, including proposals to 
raise additional equity or borrowings; 
• a change in the historical pattern of dividends; 
• Board or senior management changes; 
• a possible change in the regulatory environment; 
• a material legal claim by or against Meridian; or 
• a material unexpected liability. 
	
Information is ‘generally available to the market’ if: 
• it has been made known in a manner that would be likely to bring it to 
the attention of persons who commonly invest in the relevant securities, 
such as an announcement to the market, and a reasonable period for it 
to be disseminated among those persons has passed; or  
• the information is readily obtainable by investors who commonly invest 
in the relevant securities (whether by observation, use of expertise, 
purchase from other persons or any other means); or
• the information consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences drawn 
from information made known and / or readily obtainable as above.

It does not matter how a person comes to know the material information – 
they could be given it as part of their responsibilities or could hear of it in a 
lift, corridor or at a social function.  Information includes rumours, matters 
of supposition, intentions of a person (including Meridian or a Meridian 
subsidiary) and information which is not ‘definite’ enough to warrant being 
made known to the public.  
Rule Two: Meridian Persons must not engage in short term 
trading of Meridian Securities unless first approved by the 
For personal use only

Trading In Securities Policy
 Page 3
General Counsel 
Meridian Persons must not engage in short term trading (i.e. acquiring 
and then selling Meridian Securities within a three month period), unless 
there are exceptional circumstances discussed and approved in advance by 
Meridian’s General Counsel.
Rule Three: Meridian Persons must not enter into transactions 
in Associated Products 
Where Meridian Persons are entitled to participate in any equity-based 
remuneration scheme, they must not enter into any transaction for any 
‘Associated Product’.  An Associated Product is any product which has the 
effect of limiting the economic risk of participating in any entitlement a 
Meridian Person is eligible for under the remuneration scheme.
ADDITIONAL RULES APPLICABLE TO 
MERIDIAN RESTRICTED PERSONS
Additional Rule One: Meridian Restricted Persons to provide 
personal information relating to holdings of securities
If requested, Meridian Restricted Persons must immediately provide the 
General Counsel with the Common Shareholder Number/s and other 
personal information relating to holdings of Meridian Securities that they 
have a ‘relevant interest’ in.  A person has a  ‘relevant interest’ in a Meridian 
Security if they are the registered holder, beneficial owner, control the right 
to vote attached to that security or control the right to acquire or dispose 
of that security. ‘Control’ is defined broadly and includes powers exercised 
or exercisable via trust, agreement, arrangement or understanding, via the 
directors of another company or minority interests in another company or 
via a related body corporate.
This obligation is in addition to compliance with any disclosure obligations 
Meridian Restricted Persons have at law, including under the Securities 
Markets (Disclosure of Relevant Interests by Directors and Officers) 
Regulations 2003 (which require directors, the Chief Executive and the 
Chief Executive’s direct reports to disclose all share trades) or under the ASX 
Listing Rules.
Additional Rule Two: Trading of Meridian Securities or Other 
Financial Products in ‘Blackout Periods’ is prohibited except in 
exceptional circumstances approved by the General Counsel 
Meridian Restricted Persons must not (except in exceptional circumstances 
approved by the General Counsel) trade in Meridian Securities or Other 
Financial Products during any of the following Blackout Periods:
For Meridian Securities:
• the period from the close of trading on 31 May of each year until 
the trading day following the announcement to NZSX or ASX of the 
preliminary final statement or full year results;
• the period from the close of trading on 30 November of each year until 
the trading day following the announcement to NZSX or ASX of the half-
yearly results; and
• any other period that Meridian’s General Counsel specifies from time to 
time in relation to Meridian Securities.

For Other Financial Products:
• any period that Meridian’s General Counsel specifies from time to time 
in relation to specified Other Financial Products, either generally for 
all Meridian Restricted Persons or in relation to specified Meridian 
Restricted Persons.
If a Meridian Restricted Person needs to trade in Meridian Securities or 
Other Financial Products during a Blackout Period due to exceptional 
circumstances, the Restricted Person must, using the form at the back of 
this Policy: 
• seek approval from the General Counsel;
• confirm that they do not hold material information; and
• confirm that there is no known reason to prohibit  the Meridian 
Restricted Person from trading in Meridian Securities or Other Financial 
Products.
A request for approval by a director or the Chief Executive must be signed 
by the Chair or, in  the Chair’s absence, the Deputy Chair.  A request for 
approval by the Chair must be signed by the Chair of the Audit and Risk 
Committee or, in the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee’s absence, the 
Deputy Chair of the Board.

Approval will only be granted by the General Counsel if the General Counsel 
considers, in their sole discretion, that the circumstances giving rise to the 
request are “exceptional”. Examples of exceptional circumstances might 
include:
• severe financial hardship where the person has a pressing financial 
commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling the 
Meridian Securities or Other Financial Products; or
• compulsion by court order, court enforceable undertakings or other legal 
requirement.
If approval is granted, the Meridian Restricted Person will be notified in 
writing and must complete the approved trade within two trading days from 
the date of notification.  Approval does not mean the Meridian Restricted 
Person is released from their obligation to comply with the rest of this 
policy – trading is still prohibited if a Meridian Restricted Person who has 
secured approval either has or learns of material information which is not 
generally available to the market. In those circumstances the approval is 
automatically deemed to be withdrawn.
Additional Rule Three: Trading of Meridian Securities outside 
of Blackout Periods, and the trading of specified Other 
Financial Products, must be approved by the General Counsel
Before trading in Meridian Securities outside of a Blackout Period, or 
specified Other Financial Products which the General Counsel, from time 
to time, makes subject to this Additional Rule Three, Meridian Restricted 
Persons must, using the form at the back of this policy:
• seek approval from the General Counsel; 
• confirm that they do not hold material information; and 
• confirm that there is no known reason to prohibit the Meridian Restricted 
Person from trading in Meridian Securities or the specified Other 
Financial Products. 
For personal use only

Trading In Securities Policy
 Page 4
In the case of proposed trading by a director or the Chief Executive, the form 
must be signed by the Chair or, in the Chair’s absence, the Deputy Chair and 
in the case of proposed trading by the Chair, the form must be signed by the 
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee or, in the Chair of the Audit and Risk 
Committee’s absence, the Deputy Chair of the Board. 
If approval is granted, the Meridian Restricted Person will be notified in 
writing and must complete the approved trade within 10 trading days from 
the date of notification.  Approval does not mean the Meridian Restricted 
Person is released from their obligation to comply with the rest of this 
policy – trading is still prohibited if a Meridian Restricted Person who has 
secured approval either has, or learns of, material information which is not 
generally available to the market. In those circumstances, the approval is 
automatically deemed to be withdrawn.
Additional Rule Four: Meridian Restricted Persons must advise 
the General Counsel on completion of trades.
Meridian is required to notify the ASX within five business days of any 
dealings by Meridian directors in Meridian Securities.  To allow Meridian to 
meet its obligations, Meridian directors must notify the General Counsel 
as soon as practicable (and, in any case, no later than the two business 
days specified above) after the dealing occurs.  The General Counsel will 
notify the ASX of the Meridian director’s dealing in Meridian Securities 
using Appendix 3Y as required by the ASX Listing Rules, and lodge any such 
notification concurrently on NZX.
Additional Rule Five:  Meridian Restricted Persons may not 
have margin loans over Meridian Securities
Meridian Restricted Persons may not enter into or continue with any margin 
loan arrangements to fund the acquisition of Meridian Securities or in 
relation to which Meridian Securities may be used as a security against 
repayment of the loan.  This is because the terms of such a loan may 
require the sale of Meridian Securities during a Blackout Period or while 
the Meridian Restricted Person is in possession of inside information.  This 
restriction applies whether the Meridian Securities are held:
• in the name of the Meridian Restricted Person; or
• in the name of their spouses or partners or dependent children; or
• by trusts of which the Meridian Restricted Person is a trustee; or
• by any company which a Meridian Restricted Person controls.
For personal use only

Trading In Securities Policy
 Page 5
REQUEST FOR APPROVAL OF PROPOSED TRADING 
IN MERIDIAN SECURITIES OR OTHER FINANCIAL PRODUCTS
To: General Counsel
Meridian Energy Limited (“Meridian”)
In accordance with Meridian’s Trading in Securities policy, I request approval for the following proposed transaction to be 
undertaken either by me or persons associated with me. I acknowledge Meridian is not advising or encouraging me to trade 
or hold securities and does not provide any securities recommendation.
Name:
Name of registered holder transacting (if different):
Address:
Position:
Description and number of securities:
Type of proposed transaction: Purchase / Sale / Other (specify):
Likely date of proposed transaction (on or about):
Exceptional circumstances related to proposed transaction (if transaction is to occur during a Blackout Period):
I declare that I do not hold information which:
• is not generally available to the market;
• a reasonable person would expect would have a material effect on the price of the above securities or financial 
products if it were generally available to the market.
I know of no reason to prohibit me from trading in the above securities or other financial products and certify that the 
details given above are complete, true and correct.  I confirm I will advise the General Counsel of completion of any trade 
in Meridian Securities no later than two business days after completion of the trade.
Signature:	
	
Date:
To be completed by person approving proposed trading
Approval for the proposed trading has been granted:	
Yes	
No
Name:
Signature:	
	
Date
For personal use only
