 
 
 
 
Page   |  1 
To learn more, please visit www.mineralresources.com.au 
19 November 2025 
Securities Trading Policy 
Mineral Resources Limited (ASX: MIN) (MinRes or the company), in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, 
provides an updated Securities Trading Policy. The updated policy has been approved by the MinRes Board 
as part of its broader corporate governance review.  
 
The updated policy is also available on the company’s website at 
https://www.mineralresources.com.au/about-us/corporate-governance/. 
 
 
 
 
ENDS 
This announcement dated 19 November 2025 has been authorised for release to the ASX by Sarah Standish, 
Company Secretary. 
For further information, please contact:
Chris Chong 
General Manager Investor Relations  
Mineral Resources Limited 
T: +61 8 9315 0213 
E: chris.chong@mrl.com.au
Peter Law 
Senior Media Manager 
Mineral Resources Limited 
T: +61 428 925 422 
E: peter.law@mrl.com.au  
About Mineral Resources 
Mineral Resources Limited (ASX: MIN) (MinRes) is a leading diversified resources company, with extensive 
operations in lithium, iron ore, energy and mining services across Western Australia. For more information, visit 
www.mineralresources.com.au.  
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
POLICY OVERVIEW 
Directors and employees are encouraged to have a personal financial interest in Mineral Resources Limited (MinRes or 
the Company) and to hold securities on a long-term basis. 
This Securities Trading Policy (Policy) applies to all Directors, officers, employees and contractors of the Company and its 
subsidiaries,1 and to any other person notified that this Policy applies to them (Personnel), both in relation to their holdings 
of MinRes securities and any securities they hold in other companies. 
Additional trading restrictions apply to Designated Persons.  Designated Persons are: 
 Directors of the Company; 
 members of the MinRes Senior Leadership Team (as defined in the ‘Definitions and Abbreviations’); and 
 any other persons advised in writing by the Company Secretary that they are a “Designated Person” under this Policy 
(this may include on an ad hoc basis, for example, to capture staff members working on a market sensitive matter). 
Designated Persons must also take steps in relation to dealings by their Connected Parties.  See ‘Additional Trading 
Restrictions for Designated Persons’ for further information in relation to Connected Parties. 
RESTRICTIONS FOR ALL PERSONNEL 
General prohibition when in possession of “Inside Information” 
“Inside Information” is any information which is not generally available and, if it were generally available, a reasonable 
person would expect to have a material effect on the price or value of the Company’s securities or would be likely to 
influence a person in deciding whether to buy, sell or otherwise deal in the Company’s securities.  Inside Information may 
include matters of supposition, matters that are not yet certain and matters relating to a person’s intentions, for example:  
 information relating to a major customer or supplier contract; or 
 a proposed acquisition by the Company of assets or shares in another company.  
Personnel who are in possession of Inside Information must not deal in MinRes securities, must not encourage or procure 
anyone else to deal in MinRes securities, and must not communicate, or cause to be communicated, the Inside Information 
(directly or indirectly) with anyone else who may use it to deal in MinRes securities.  
The Corporations Act contains provisions which prohibit dealing in securities when in possession of Inside Information. These 
restrictions apply to all securities, not just the Company’s securities. 
This prohibition against insider trading is an overriding prohibition that applies at all times, regardless of any internal 
clearance that may have been given to deal in securities.  Internal clearance is not an endorsement of any dealing and 
individuals remain responsible for their own compliance with the law.  
If you are unsure, you should contact the Company Secretary. 
Dealing in other companies’ securities 
Personnel may come into possession of Inside Information regarding another company as a result of the job they perform 
for, or their association with, MinRes. For example, where Personnel are directly involved in client relationship management 
or negotiating contracts they may become aware that the Company is about to sign a major agreement with another 
company.  
 
 
1In addition to its wholly owned subsidiaries, MinRes also holds a controlling interest in a number of other subsidiaries, which may have 
their own policies on dealing in securities, separate from MinRes.  For example, Resource Development Group Ltd (an entity controlled 
by MinRes) has, as an entity that is separately listed on ASX, its own trading policy.  All Personnel should consider whether any other 
restrictions apply to them in the context of their employment with MinRes prior to trading. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Personnel must not deal in the securities of another company if they are aware of Inside Information in relation to that 
company, no matter how they came into possession of the Inside Information.  
ADDITIONAL TRADING RESTRICTIONS FOR DESIGNATED PERSONS 
Additional restrictions on dealing in the Company’s securities apply to Designated Persons.  In addition to the general 
requirements for Designated Persons set out in this Policy, the Company may impose further restrictions on Designated 
Persons dealing in MinRes securities or securities of other companies by notifying Designated Persons in writing of those 
restrictions. 
“Closed Periods” 
In addition to the prohibition on insider trading which applies at all times, Personnel must not deal in the Company’s 
securities, or in financial products issued or created over or in respect of the Company's securities, during a Closed Period 
(unless exceptional circumstances apply). 
The following periods are designated as Closed Periods for the purpose of this Policy: 
 the period commencing from the close of trading on the ASX on the last day of the Company’s financial year or half 
financial year, or if that date is not a trading day, the last trading day before that day, and ending at the close of 
trade on the first trading day after the release to the ASX of the Company’s annual or half yearly results (or until such 
other time as the Board considers reasonable in the circumstances to allow the market sufficient time to absorb the 
results); 
 the period commencing from the close of trading on the ASX on the last day of the September quarter or March 
quarter, or if that date is not a trading day, the last trading day before that day, and ending at the close of trade on 
the first trading day after the release to the ASX of the Company’s September or March quarterly reports (or until such 
other time as the Board considers reasonable in the circumstances to allow the market sufficient time to absorb the 
results); and 
 for Designated Persons, additional periods when Designated Persons are prohibited from trading, which are imposed 
by the Company from time to time when the Company is considering matters that are subject to Listing Rule 3.1A. 
Requirements before trading 
Before any dealing or before giving instructions to deal in the securities of MinRes (or any other company in respect of 
which additional trading restrictions have been imposed from time to time), a Designated Person must obtain prior written 
clearance for the dealing.  
Requests for clearance should be submitted to the Company Secretary (or their delegate), and approved by the following 
Clearance Officers: 
Designated Person 
Clearance Officer 
Chair of the Board 
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee 
Directors (other than the Chair of the Board) 
Chair of the Board 
Other Designated Person  
Managing Director 
 
The relevant Clearance Officer may appoint a delegate to act on their behalf (e.g., if they are temporarily unavailable). 
Exceptional circumstances 
In exceptional circumstances, prior written approval to deal during a Closed Period may be given by the Clearance 
Officer.  
Exceptional circumstances may include, but are not limited to: 
 severe financial hardship (ie, an immediate pressing financial commitment that can only be met by selling their 
securities); 
 where there is a court order or other legal or regulatory obligation to transfer, or accept a transfer of, MinRes securities; 
or 
 other circumstances determined by the Clearance Officer to be exceptional. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Approval to deal in exceptional circumstances will only be granted: 
 where the Designated Person’s request for clearance is accompanied by sufficient evidence that the dealing in 
MinRes securities is the most reasonable course of action available in the circumstances; and 
 where the Designated Person is not in possession of Inside Information.  
Unless otherwise specified in the approval, any dealing permitted under this section (‘Exceptional circumstances’) must 
comply with the other sections of this Policy (to the extent applicable). 
Clearances and approvals 
A request for clearance or approval to deal will be answered as soon as practicable.  The Clearance Officer, having 
consulted with members of management as appropriate, may in their discretion grant or refuse the request, or impose 
conditions on the dealing. 
The Clearance Officer is not obliged to provide reasons for any aspect of their decision and may revoke their approval at 
any time.  If a request is not approved or an approval is revoked, that fact must be kept confidential. 
Written confirmation that approval has been provided by the Clearance Officer must be provided before a Designated 
Person deals in the Company’s securities.  
An approved dealing must occur within 5 business days following approval (or such other time specified in the approval), 
otherwise the approval is no longer effective, and fresh approval must be sought. 
Trading notification requirements 
Designated Persons must immediately notify the Company Secretary of any dealings in the Company’s securities when any 
such dealings occur. Directors are responsible for providing information to the Company Secretary so the Company can 
ensure compliance with Listing Rule 3.19A.  
If a Director has engaged in dealing during a Closed Period, the Director must confirm to the Company Secretary that 
written clearance to deal was provided by the Chair of the Board or the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee (as 
applicable) and the date on which this clearance was provided. 
Short term or speculative trading 
Designated Persons must not deal in Company securities on either: 
 a short-term basis (ie buying and selling within 3 months) - except for the sale of Company securities allocated upon 
vesting under an employee share scheme (provided the dealing is not during a Closed Period); or 
 a speculative basis (including short selling). 
Hedging and secured financing arrangements 
A member of the Company’s key management personnel, or a Connected Party of such a member, must not enter into 
an arrangement which would have the effect of limiting the exposure of the member to risk relating to an element of the 
member’s remuneration that has not vested or remains subject to a holding lock.  
Other Designated Persons must not: 
 enter into transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the economic risk of their security holding in the 
Company; or 
 use Company securities as security for loans, including for hedging and margin loan arrangements 
unless prior written approval is obtained from the relevant Clearance Officer. 
Connected Parties 
Designated Persons must take appropriate steps to ensure that their Connected Parties only deal in securities in 
circumstances where the Designated Person to whom they are connected would be permitted to deal under this Policy 
(e.g., by obtaining clearance in accordance with this Policy in respect of the Connected Parties’ dealings and not dealing 
during Closed Periods). 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
THE FRONT PAGE TEST 
It is important that public confidence in the Company is maintained.  
As a guiding principle, prior to any decision to deal in securities, all Personnel should ask themselves: 
“If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to be taking advantage of 
my position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the transaction were reported on the front page 
of the newspaper?” (The Front Page Test) 
Dealings that would not satisfy the Front Page Test should not occur, even where the dealing may not strictly be prohibited 
under this Policy or otherwise at law.  
Personnel should consult the Company Secretary if unsure of whether there could be an adverse reputation or perception 
issue associated with a proposed dealing. 
EXCLUDED TRADING 
Subject always to the prohibitions outlined above (see ‘General prohibition when in possession of “Inside Information”’), 
the following is excluded from the operation of this Policy: 
 certain transfers – dealings that result in no change to the beneficial interest in the securities (eg, transfers of securities 
of the Company already held in a superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which a Designated Person is a 
beneficiary); 
 third party schemes – an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme investing 
only in the securities of the Company) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a 
third party; 
 security purchase plans and dividend or distribution reinvestment plans – acquisition of Company securities through a 
share purchase plan or a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan where the Designated Person does not 
commence or amend their participation in the plan during a Closed Period; 
 pro rata rights issues – disposal of rights acquired or acquisition of Company securities through a pro-rata rights issue;  
 takeover, scheme or buyback – undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer, scheme of 
arrangement or equal access buy-back; 
 incentive schemes – the application for, and acquisition of, securities under the Company’s employee incentive 
scheme or the exercise (but not the sale of securities following exercise) of an option or a right under an employee 
incentive scheme provided the application, acquisition or exercise is not during a Closed Period;  
 acting as trustee – dealings by Designated Persons as a trustee, provided they are not a beneficiary of the trust and 
the decision to trade is taken by other directors or trustees of the trust independent of them; 
 convertible securities – where the final date for the exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of the security, falls 
during a Closed Period and the Designated Person could not reasonably be expected to have exercised the option or 
right during a permitted trading period; 
 lender disposals – a disposal of securities of the Company that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights 
where prior written approval was received for entry into the arrangement (see section ‘Hedging and secured 
financing arrangements’); and 
 pre-determined investment or divestment plans – dealings under a non−discretionary trading plan for which prior 
written clearance has been provided by the Board and: 
• the Designated Person did not enter into or amend the plan during a Closed Period; 
• the plan does not permit the Designated Person to exercise any influence or discretion over how, when or 
whether to deal; and 
• the plan cannot be cancelled during a Closed Period except in exceptional circumstances. 
For personal use only

BREACHES OF POLICY AND INSIDER TRADING LAWS 
Compliance with insider trading laws and this Policy is an individual’s responsibility. Strict compliance with this Policy is 
mandatory. 
This Policy is a condition of employment/engagement and Personnel are required to acknowledge and accept this 
requirement when entering their contract.  Breaches of this Policy will be regarded as serious misconduct which may lead 
to disciplinary action, including removal or dismissal. 
The requirements imposed by this Policy are separate from, and in addition to, the legal prohibitions against insider trading 
in the Corporations Act.  Individuals who breach the Corporations Act may be found guilty of a criminal offence and be 
subject to significant fines and/or a term of imprisonment as well as civil liability. 
REVIEW OF POLICY 
This Policy will be reviewed periodically to check that it remains relevant and is operating effectively. 
If the Company makes a material change to this Policy, it will give the ASX a copy within 5 business days of the change 
taking effect.  
The Company Secretary is authorised to make administrative amendments to this Policy. 
DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS 
ASX 
means the Australian Securities Exchange. 
Corporations Act 
means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) as amended from time to time. 
Connected Parties 
means: 
 a family member who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, the 
Designated Person in his or her dealings with the Company or Company securities (this 
may include the Designated Person’s spouse, partner and children, the children of the 
Designated Person’s partner, or dependents of the Designated Person or the Designated 
Person’s partner); and 
 a company or any other entity which the Designated Person has an ability to control 
(which may include family trusts or superannuation funds where the Designated Person 
is a trustee or beneficiary).  
dealing or deal 
means applying for, acquiring or disposing of a security. It also extends to subscribing for new
securities, exercising options over securities and creating a derivative over securities and 
includes entering into an agreement to do any of those things, or entering into an agreement 
to buy or sell securities or otherwise apply for, acquire or dispose of securities. 
Designated Person 
means:  
 Directors of the Company; 
 members of the MinRes Senior Leadership Team; and 
 any other persons who have been advised in writing that they are a “Designated Person” 
under this Policy. 
MinRes Senior 
Leadership Team 
means, for the purposes of this Policy, all those persons holding an ‘Executive General 
Manager’ role or above and also includes the Company Secretary. 
security or securities 
means shares and other ‘Division 3 financial products’ as defined in the Corporations Act 
(which includes securities (as defined in section 761A of the Corporations Act), derivatives or 
any other products that are able to be traded on a financial market). 
Dated 19 November 2025 
Director Governance and Compliance 
For personal use only
