 
Medallion Metals Limited   ACN 609 225 023 
Suite 1, 11 Ventnor Ave 
West Perth  WA  6005 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Approved by the Board:  2 September 2020 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Medallion Metals Ltd - Securities Trading Policy 
Page 1 
Securities Trading Policy 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
Purpose 
This document sets out the policy of Medallion Metals Limited (Medallion or the Company) 
regarding its directors, key management personnel (KMP), officers, employees, consultants and 
contractors (irrespective of location) (each named a Company Officer) who Deal or may Deal in 
Company Securities and should be read in its entirety.  
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
(a) 
provide a summary of the law on insider trading in Australia; 
(b) 
outline the prohibitions on dealing in Company Securities to prevent the misuse of 
unpublished information which could materially affect the value of such securities; 
(c) 
ensure that the reputation of the Company, its directors, KMP, officers, employees, 
consultants and contractors is not adversely impacted by perceptions of dealing in 
securities at inappropriate times; and 
(d) 
achieve high standards of corporate conduct and support market confidence in the 
integrity of Dealing in Company Securities. 
1.2 
Source of legal obligations 
The sources of legal obligations underpinning this Policy include: 
(a) 
the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act), which, among other things, 
prohibits insider trading by anyone (regardless of geographical location); and 
(b) 
the ASX Listing Rules, ASX Guidance Note 27 (Trading Policies) and ASX Corporate 
Governance Principles and Recommendations (4th Edition), which set out 
requirements for responsible trading in listed company shares. 
2. 
Defined Terms 
For the purposes of this Policy: 
Approval Officer means in regard to all of the Company’s Officers (excluding the Managing 
Director (MD)/CEO), the MD/CEO or, in the event that the MD/CEO is absent or on leave, the 
Chair will act in this capacity. In regard to the MD/CEO, the Chair will act as the Approval Officer. 
Company Officer(s) means a director, KMP (as defined by Australian Accounting Standard AASB 
124 (related party disclosures)), officer, employee, consultant and contractor (irrespective of 
location). 
Company Securities includes shares, options, warrants, derivatives and interests in shares 
(including vested options and vested performance share rights) linked in any way to the 
underlying price of shares in the Company. 
Black-out Periods means a relevant period as defined by the Company when the Company’s 
Officers may not Deal in Company Securities. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Medallion Metals Ltd - Securities Trading Policy 
Page 2 
Dealing and Deal includes: 
(a) 
applying for, acquiring or disposing of securities; 
(b) 
entering into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of, securities; and 
(c) 
granting, accepting, acquiring, disposing, exercising or discharging an option or other 
right or obligation to acquire or dispose of securities. 
Derivatives include: 
(a) 
derivatives within the meaning given in section 761D of the Corporations Act (such as 
options, forward contracts, swaps, futures, warrants, caps and collars); and 
(b) 
any other transaction in financial products which operate to limit (in any way) the 
economic risk associated with holding the relevant securities. 
Inside Information means information which is not generally available to the market and, if it 
were generally available to the market, would be likely to have a material effect on the price or 
value of securities. It is irrelevant how or in what capacity a person came into possession of the 
information. For example, information may be acquired in the course of company 
responsibilities, in passing, or at a social occasion. Annexure A provides further details about 
what constitutes Inside Information. 
Margin Loan means any lending or similar arrangement allowing a person to borrow money to 
invest in securities using existing investments as security. 
Permitted Nominee means a person or Related Party permitted to accept an offer of Company 
Securities made to a Company Officer in place of the Company Officer person. 
Related Party has the meaning given to that term in section 228 of the Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth). 
3. 
Insider Trading Prohibition – the Law 
It is an offence under the Corporations Act [section 1043A] to Deal using Inside Information, or 
communicate Inside Information to others who will, or are likely to, Deal on the Inside 
Information. 
4. 
Dealing in Company Securities 
4.1 
When a Company Officer MAY Deal 
A Company Officer may Deal in Company Securities unless restricted from doing so under 
clause 4.2 (When a Company Officer May Not Deal). 
4.2 
When a Company Officer MAY NOT Deal 
(a) 
Subject to clause 5 (Exceptions), a Company Officer may not Deal in Company 
Securities, whether held in their own name, in a company, by a family member or 
friend or under some other arrangement, during the following designated Black-out 
Periods: 
(i) 
the period one week prior to, and 24 hours after the release of the 
Company's quarterly activity and cash flow reports; 
For personal use only

 
Medallion Metals Ltd - Securities Trading Policy 
Page 3 
(ii) 
the period two weeks prior to, and 24 hours after the release of the 
Company's half-year results; 
(iii) 
the period two weeks prior to, and 24 hours after the release of the 
Company's full-year results; and 
(iv) 
any other period determined by the MD/CEO in consultation with the Chair 
and CFO to be a Black-out Period from time to time. 
(b) 
In addition to the restrictions in paragraph 4.2(a), a Company Officer may not Deal in 
Company Securities, or in the securities of other companies during confidential 
negotiations, at any time if he or she has: 
(i) 
information that he or she knows, or ought reasonably to know, is Inside 
Information; or 
(ii) 
not complied with clause 6 (Approval and notification requirements) 
(c) 
At any time on an ad hoc basis by direction of the Approval Officer and/or a majority 
of directors, the Dealing of Company securities may be restricted. The restriction of 
Dealing is not necessarily required to be communicated to Company Officers. 
4.3 
Prohibition on active trading 
Dealing in the securities of the Company is subject to the prohibition that a Company Officer 
must not engage in the business of active dealing in Medallion securities. This means not actively 
trade in Medallion securities with a view to deriving profit related income from that activity. 
“Active trading” for this purpose means to deal in Medallion securities in a manner which 
involves frequent, short-term and regular trading activity.  
 
5. 
Exceptions 
5.1 
Permitted dealings 
Subject to not being in the possession of Inside Information, a Company Officer may at any time: 
(a) 
transfer Company Securities already held into a superannuation fund or other saving 
scheme in which the Company Officer is a beneficiary; 
(b) 
invest in, or trade in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in Company Securities) where the assets of the fund or scheme are invested 
at the discretion of a third party; 
(c) 
undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer; 
(d) 
participate in an offer or invitation made to all or most security holders, including a 
rights issue, equal access buy-back, security purchase plan or dividend or distribution 
reinvestment plan, where the timing and structure of the offer or invitation has been 
approved by the Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up 
the entitlements and sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the 
balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
(e) 
exercise (but not Deal with the securities following exercise) an option or right under 
an employee incentive scheme where the final date for the exercise of the option or 
right falls during a Black-out Period or the Company has had a number of consecutive 
For personal use only

 
Medallion Metals Ltd - Securities Trading Policy 
Page 4 
Black-out Periods and the Company Officer or Permitted Nominee could not 
reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a time when free to do so;  
(f) 
acquire (but not Deal with the securities following acquisition) Company shares by 
conversion of financial instruments giving rights to conversion to shares (e.g. options 
or convertible securities) where the final date for the conversion of the security falls 
during a Black-out Period or the Company has had a number of consecutive Black-out 
Periods and the Company Officer could not reasonably have been expected to exercise 
it at a time when free to do so;  
(g) 
acquire Company securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of securities of 
the same class; 
(h) 
acquire Company securities under a dividend reinvestment, or top-up plan that is 
available to all holders of securities of the same class; 
(i) 
acquire, or agree to acquire or exercise options under a Company employee share 
plan; 
(j) 
withdraw ordinary shares in the Company held on behalf of the Company Officer or 
Permitted Nominee in an employee share plan where the withdrawal is permitted by 
the rules of that plan; 
(k) 
acquire ordinary shares in the Company as a result of the exercise of options held 
under an employee share scheme; or 
(l) 
where the Company Officer is a trustee, trade in the securities of the Company by that 
trust, provided the Company Officer is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision 
to trade during a Black-out Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment 
managers independently of the Company Officer. 
5.2 
Approval to dispose or transfer Company Securities in exceptional circumstances 
(a) 
In exceptional circumstances a Company Officer may seek written approval from the 
Approval Officer to dispose of or transfer (but not acquire or otherwise Deal with) 
Company Securities during a Black-out Period (Disposal Consent). 
(b) 
The Approval Officer will act with caution in determining whether there are 
exceptional circumstances, which may include, but will not be limited to, where: 
(i) 
the Company Officer is in severe financial hardship and a pressing financial 
commitment cannot be satisfied otherwise than by disposing of Company 
Securities; or 
(ii) 
the Company Officer is required by a court order, or there are court 
enforceability undertakings, to transfer or dispose of Company Securities or 
there is some other overriding legal regulatory requirement for them to do 
so. 
(c) 
A Company Officer 5.2(b)(i)￼ must provide the Approval Officer with:  
(i) 
a written application stating all of the facts; and  
(ii) 
copies of relevant supporting documentation, including contact details of the 
Company Officer’s accountant, bank and other such independent institutions 
(where applicable). 
(d) 
A Company Officer 5.2(b)(ii)￼ must provide the Approval Officer with a written 
application accompanied by relevant court and/or supporting legal documentation 
(where applicable). 
For personal use only

 
Medallion Metals Ltd - Securities Trading Policy 
Page 5 
(e) 
The Approval Officer may grant Disposal Consent to a Company Officer : 
(i) 
only if that Company Officer is not in possession of Inside Information; and 
(ii) 
on such terms and conditions (including the duration of the right to dispose 
or transfer) as considered reasonable in the circumstances by the Approval 
Officer. 
(f) 
The Approval Officer will notify the Board of any Disposal Consent granted to a 
Company Officer . 
(g) 
A Disposal Consent, if granted, will be issued in writing to the Company Officer and will 
contain a specified time period during which the disposal or transfer can be made.  
6. 
Approval and Notification Requirements 
6.1 
 Company Officer and their Related Party  
(a) 
If a Company Officer (including a Director) or their Related Party intends to Deal in 
Company Securities, the Company Officer must give prior notice to the Company by 
submitting a Notification Form (Annexure B – Part A) to the Approval Officer. Further, 
subject to paragraph 6.1(b), the relevant Dealing must not occur until a confirmation 
is received back from the Approval Officer (Annexure B – Part B) and may only then 
take place within 7 days of receipt of such confirmation.  
(b) 
Separately, for Directors, in addition to the restriction in clause 6.1(a), the relevant 
Dealing must not occur until Annexure B (comprising both Part A and Part B) has been 
sent to the other Directors by the Approval Officer. Directors have agreed with the 
Company, as a statutory requirement of their appointment, to provide details of such 
Dealings to the Company Secretary as soon as possible to enable the Company to 
comply with its obligations under the ASX Listing Rules [ASX Listing Rule 3.19A]. A 
notice given by the Company to the ASX under the ASX Listing Rules satisfies the 
Director's obligation to notify the ASX under the Corporations Act. 
6.2 
Notification process not an approval 
The processes for notification of an intention to Deal in Company Securities, as set out in this 
clause 6.1 do not provide for the Approval Officer. At all times, the person intending to Deal in 
Company Securities is personally responsible for any decision to Deal and compliance with this 
Policy and the law. 
7. 
Other Restrictions 
7.1 
Incomplete Buy or Sell Orders 
(a) 
Buy or sell orders for Company Securities which are placed but not completed outside 
of a Black-out Period are subject to the following restrictions once the Black-out Period 
commences: 
(i) 
the order must be completed within 5 trading days otherwise it will lapse; 
and 
(ii) 
the order cannot be varied. 
For personal use only

 
Medallion Metals Ltd - Securities Trading Policy 
Page 6 
(b) 
Any order subject to this procedure should be notified in writing to the Approval 
Officer within 24 hours of the Black-out Period commencing. 
7.2 
Derivatives 
(a) 
The Company prohibits the use of Derivatives in relation to unvested equity 
instruments, including performance share rights, and vested Company Securities that 
are subject to disposal restrictions (such as a "Holding Lock"). 
(b) 
Derivatives may be used in relation to vested positions which are not subject to 
disposal restrictions subject to compliance with the law and the other provisions of 
this Policy. 
7.3 
Prohibition on Margin Loan Arrangements 
Designated Persons may not: 
(a) 
enter into a Margin Loan or similar funding arrangement to acquire any Company 
Securities; or 
(b) 
use Company Securities as security for a Margin Loan or similar funding arrangement. 
7.4 
Securities of other companies 
The prohibitions in the Corporations Act against insider trading applies equally to where Inside 
Information is being held by a person about another listed company or entity. This may occur, 
for example, where in the course of negotiating a transaction with the Company, another listed 
entity provides confidential information about itself or another listed entity. Accordingly, if a 
person possesses Inside Information in relation to the securities of another listed entity, they 
must not Deal in those securities. 
8. 
Penalties 
(a) 
Insider trading is a criminal offence. A person who commits a breach of the insider 
trading provisions could be subject to both civil and criminal penalties for the individual 
and for the Company. 
(b) 
In addition, the insider trader, and any other persons involved in the contravention, 
may also be liable to compensate third parties for any resulting loss. 
9. 
Policy Compliance 
(a) 
During the year the Company may require confirmation from Company Officers that 
they have complied with this Policy. The Company may also require confirmation (or 
declarations) of holdings in securities. All such requested information must be supplied 
within 5 business days of the request being made. 
(b) 
A breach of this Policy will be regarded very seriously and may lead to disciplinary 
action being taken (including termination of employment). If the Company becomes 
aware of any breach of this Policy, then the Company may report such breach to the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
For personal use only

 
Medallion Metals Ltd - Securities Trading Policy 
Page 7 
10. 
Publication 
This Policy will be made available on the Company website: www.medallionmetals.com.au  
11. 
Who to Contact 
If an individual is in any doubt regarding their proposed dealing in securities, they should contact 
the Approval Officer. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Medallion Metals Ltd - Securities Trading Policy 
Page 8 
ANNEXURE A - INSIDE INFORMATION 
1. 
Inside information 
Inside Information means information which is not generally available to the market and, if it 
were generally available to the market, would be likely to have a material effect on the price or 
value of securities. 
2. 
Information that is generally available 
Information is considered to be generally available if: 
(a) 
it consists of readily observable matter; or 
(b) 
it has been made known in a manner likely to bring it to the attention of investors in 
securities and a reasonable period for dissemination of that information has elapsed; 
or 
(c) 
it may be deduced, inferred or concluded from the above. 
Information will be generally available if it has been released to the ASX, published in an Annual 
Report or prospectus or otherwise been made generally available to the investing public and a 
reasonable period of time has elapsed after the information has been disseminated in one of 
these ways. 
For the purposes of the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act, information is defined 
broadly and includes matters of supposition and other matters which are insufficiently definite 
to warrant being made known to the public. It also includes matters relating to the intentions of 
a person. 
3. 
Material effect on the price of securities 
Information is considered by the Corporations Act to be likely to have a material effect on the 
price or value of securities of a company if the information would, or would be likely to, influence 
persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, buy or 
sell those securities. 
It is not possible to list all of information that may be material, however, the following type of 
information would be likely to be considered to have a material effect on the Company's share 
price: 
(a) 
information regarding a material increase or decrease in the Company's financial 
performance from previous results or forecasts, such as changes to profit results; 
(b) 
a proposed material business or asset acquisition or sale; 
(c) 
the damage or destruction of a material operation of the Group; 
(d) 
proposed material legal proceedings to be initiated by or against the Company; 
(e) 
regulatory action or investigations undertaken by a Government authority; 
(f) 
the launch of a new business or material new product; or 
(g) 
a proposal to undertake a new issue of securities or major change in financing. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Medallion Metals Ltd - Securities Trading Policy 
Page 9 
 
ANNEXURE B 
NOTIFICATION AND CONFIRMATION FORMS REGARDING INTENT TO DEAL IN SECURITIES 
Part A - For completion by a Company Officer 
 
Name of Company Officer (and Permitted 
Nominee if applicable) 
  
Description of securities                         
(proposed number and class of securities) 
  
Nature of proposed dealing                            
(sale, purchase, subscription etc) 
  
Proposed date of completion                         
(must be within 7 days of receipt of 
confirmation) 
  
I,                                                                                  , confirm that: 
I am not in possession of any information that is not generally available (including unpublished 
information), which, if generally available, or published, a reasonable person would expect it to 
materially affect the price or value of MM8 securities; and 
the dealing in securities described above does not contravene the Securities Trading Policy. 
 
Signature:………………………………………….                                          Date: …………………………….. 
 
 
Part B - For completion by the Approval Officer 
I confirm that I am not aware of any circumstances pursuant to which the person above is, or is 
likely to be, in possession of information that is not generally available, which, if generally 
available, a reasonable person would expect to materially affect the price or value of MM8 
securities. This confirmation does not constitute an approval or endorsement by me or 
Medallion of the proposed dealing by the above person. 
Name: …………………………………………… 
Signature: .………………………………………                                            Date: …………………………….. 
 
After Part A of this form is completed, it should be sent / given to the Approval Officer.  Once Part B is completed by the Approval Officer a copy 
should be sent / given to the relevant Company Officer with a copy to the Company Secretary. 
For personal use only
