 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17 August 2015 
 
 
 
Company Announcements 
Australian Securities Exchange Limited 
Level 4, 20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY  NSW  2000 
AUSTRALIA 
 
Dear Sir / Madam 
 
RE: 
Amended Share Trading Policy 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, please find attached a copy of the amended 
Monadelphous Group Limited Share Trading Policy, effective 13 August 2015.  
 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
Philip Trueman 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Purpose
This document forms part of the Monadelphous Group Limited (MND) Code of Conduct 
and regulates all Dealings, either Directly or Indirectly, by Key Management Personnel and 
Other Employees in shares and other Securities issued by MND or by third parties over MND 
Securities.
Scope
The Policy applies to all MND employees and directors.
Share Trading Policy
For personal use only

Share Trading Policy
Introduction 
Monadelphous Group Limited (MND) recognises that acting with uncompromised integrity and professionalism 
will protect and enhance our reputation, an invaluable asset to the Group. Accordingly we have developed a 
Code of Conduct, part of which details the MND Share Trading Policy. 
The MND Share Trading Policy regulates Dealings, either Directly or Indirectly, by Key Management Personnel 
and Other Employees in shares or other securities issued by MND or by third parties over MND’s securities 
(such as derivatives) (collectively, “Securities”). The nature of the Group’s operations require that Key 
Management Personnel and Other Employees have an intimate knowledge of all aspects of the Group’s 
business, and as a result of these responsibilities some Key Management Personnel and Other Employees may 
become aware of Unpublished, Price-Sensitive Information.  
MND considers it is good Corporate Governance practice to ensure controls are in place to ensure Key 
Management Personnel and Other Employees are aware of the legal restrictions on Dealing in shares while 
in possession of, or where they could be perceived to be in possession of, Unpublished, Price-Sensitive 
Information, and to remove the likelihood of any misunderstandings or suspicions arising. 
This MND Share Trading Policy extends to procuring another person to Deal in Securities, and to 
communicating Price-Sensitive Information to another person, where the Key Management Personnel or Other 
Employee knows or ought reasonably to know that the other person would be reasonably likely to Deal in the 
Securities, or procure another person to do so. 
This MND Share Trading Policy is in addition to (and separate and distinct from) the legal prohibitions on 
insider trading (even though there may be overlap). The insider trading laws are summarised at the end of this 
Policy.
As outlined in the MND Code of Conduct, a breach of this Policy may lead to disciplinary action such as 
counselling through to dismissal or termination of contract. In addition, if Key Management Personnel or Other 
Employees breach the insider trading laws, there may be serious civil and criminal consequences as a result. 
Restrictions on Dealing 
Key Management Personnel and Other Employees may, Directly or Indirectly, only Deal in MND Securities 
during specific periods, and then only if they do not possess any Unpublished, Price-Sensitive Information 
relating to MND. 
The trading periods in which Key Management Personnel and Other Employees are allowed to Deal in MND 
Securities, either Directly or Indirectly, spans the period between 24 hours and 30 working days after each of 
the following events: 
•	 Release of the MND half yearly results to the Australian Securities Exchange; 
•	 Release of the MND annual results to the Australian Securities Exchange; 
•	 The close of the MND Annual General Meeting; or 
•	 Any other time as the Board of Directors of MND permits. 
All other periods are “closed periods” during which Key Management Personnel and Other Employees are 
prohibited from Dealing in MND Securities. From time to time, the Board of Directors of MND may also declare 
that Key Management Personnel and Other Employees are prohibited from Dealing in MND Securities during 
the above trading periods even though those trading periods are not closed periods.  
Key Management Personnel and Other Employees must notify the Company Secretary by completing 
MGL-F-553 Share Trading Policy Declaration before: 
•	 The Key Management Personnel or Other Employee, either Directly or Indirectly, Deals in MND Securities; or 
•	 With the Key Management Personnel’s or Other Employee’s knowledge, an associate of the Key Management 
Personnel or Other Employee Deals in MND Securities at any time. 
The notification must state that the proposed Dealing is not as a result of access to, or being in possession of 
Unpublished, Price-Sensitive Information. 
Even when a Dealing occurs within the trading periods referred to above, this will not preclude it from 
breaching the insider trading laws if done when in possession of Unpublished, Price-Sensitive Information. It is 
up to the relevant Key Management Personnel or Other Employee to ensure that this is not the case.
For personal use only

Chairman’s approval for Dealing during prohibited periods
In exceptional circumstances, the Chairman may permit Dealing in MND Securities by Key Management 
Personnel or Other Employees when this Policy would otherwise prohibit such Dealing.
Exceptional circumstances include (without limitation) the requirement to sell MND Securities due to the 
employee’s severe financial hardship or a court order, court-enforceable undertaking or other overriding legal or 
regulatory requirement.  Approval of any other exceptional circumstances is at the Chairman’s discretion.  
Where Dealings would otherwise be prohibited by this Policy, approval must be sought in writing prior to 
transacting by completing MGL-F-553 Share Trading Policy Declaration and having it authorised by the 
Chairman (in writing or via email). 
The Chairman reserves the right to approve or refuse a request without providing reasons and can withdraw 
approval if new information comes to light or there is a change of circumstances. Any decision of the Chairman 
is final. If approval is not granted, the relevant Key Management Personnel or Other Employee must keep that 
information confidential and not disclose it to anyone. 
Generally, approval will not be granted if the Chairman is aware that the Company is likely in the short term to 
release a periodic financial report or make an announcement of market sensitive information. 
After approval has been granted, the transaction to Deal in MND Securities must be completed within 5 (five) 
working days after the approval (or such longer time as stated in the approval). 
Where the Chairman is seeking approval to Deal in MND Securities where this Policy would otherwise prohibit 
the Dealing, or if the Chairman is unavailable, the MND Board of Directors must provide prior approval of the 
proposed transaction.
Any approval to Deal is not an endorsement of the proposed Deal. Accordingly, Key Management Personnel 
and Other Employees are individually responsible for their investment decisions and their compliance with the 
insider trading laws. 
In particular, if subsequent to receiving specific approval to Deal, the relevant Key Management Personnel or 
Other Employee comes into possession of Unpublished, Price-Sensitive Information, they must not Deal despite 
having received approval. 
Notification following Dealing
Upon completion of any Dealing (whether or not approval of the Chairman was required), the Key Management 
Personnel or Other Employee must inform the Company Secretary within 2 (two) working days of all details 
relating to the transaction including the date of the transaction, the number and class of Securities involved and 
the price per security, by completing and returning to the Company Secretary MGL-F-553 Share Trading Policy 
Declaration.
Key Management Personnel and Other Employees are reminded of their obligations under the Corporations Act 
to notify MND if they begin to have, or cease to have, a Substantial Holding in MND or if they already have a 
Substantial Holding in MND and there is a movement of at least 1% in their holding.
Directors are also reminded of their obligations under the Corporations Act, and MND’s obligations under the 
ASX Listing Rules, to notify ASX of any changes to a director’s interests in the Company’s Securities.
Granting security over MND Securities
Key Management Personnel or Other Employees must notify the Company Secretary if they enter into a margin 
lending facility or other secured financing arrangement affecting their MND Securities by completing and 
returning to the Company Secretary MGL-F-553 Share Trading Policy Declaration. The Company will determine 
whether the arrangement requires disclosure to the market. 
Hedging arrangements
In accordance with the Corporations Act, Key Management Personnel and their closely related parties are 
prohibited from entering into hedging arrangements with respect of any part of their remuneration that has not 
vested, or that has vested but is subject to a holding lock. This will include Securities issued under incentive 
plans.
For personal use only

Exclusions
The MND Share Trading Policy does not apply in the following circumstances;
•	 transfers of MND Securities already held into a superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which the 
relevant Key Management Personnel or Other Employee is a beneficiary;
•	 an investment in, or Dealing in units of, a fund or other scheme or arrangement (other than a scheme only 
investing in MND Securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a 
third party;
•	 where the relevant Key Management Personnel or Other Employee is a trustee, Dealing in the Securities of 
MND by that trust provided the Key Management Personnel or Other Employee is not a beneficiary of the 
trust and any decision to Deal during a prohibited period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment 
managers independently of the Key Management Personnel or Other Employee;
•	 undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer or similar transaction;
•	 Dealing under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, such as a rights issue, a 
security purchase plan, a dividend reinvestment plan or an equal access buy-back, where the plan that 
determines the timing and structure of the offer has been approved by the MND Board of Directors.  This 
includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements 
required to provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue;
•	 where the beneficial interest in the relevant Securities does not change; 
•	 a disposal of Securities of MND that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, for example 
(where permitted), under a margin lending arrangement; 
•	 the conversion of a convertible security held under an employee incentive scheme, where the final date for 
conversion of the security falls during a closed period and MND has been in an exceptionally long closed 
period or MND has had a number of consecutive closed periods and the Key Management Personnel or 
Other Employee could not have been expected to convert their security at a time when free to do so;
•	 the exercise (but not the sale of Securities following exercise) of an option or a right under an employee 
incentive scheme; or
•	 withdrawal of MND Securities from an Employee Share Trust (but not the sale of Securities following 
withdrawal).
In the event of any uncertainty regarding the implementation of this Policy, those affected need to ensure that 
the market is fully informed before they Deal and as a matter of course, and to protect themselves, should 
discuss the intended Dealing with the MND Chairman, the Company Secretary or their legal advisers. 
Key Management Personnel and Other Employees are required to notify the Company in the prescribed manner 
of any change in their security holding. 
Insider trading laws will continue to apply, and must be observed, even where one or more of the above 
exclusions under the Policy apply.
Insider Trading 
The requirements imposed by the Policy are separate from, and additional to, the legal prohibitions in the 
Corporations Act on insider trading. 
Under the insider trading provisions, “inside information” is information that:
•	 is not generally available; and
•	 if it were generally available it would, or would be likely to, influence investors in deciding whether to buy or 
sell MND Securities.
Insider trading is prohibited at all times.  If an employee or director possesses inside information, the person 
must not:
•	 subscribe for or trade in Securities;
•	 advise others or procure others to subscribe for or trade in Securities; or
•	 pass on the inside information to others – including colleagues, family or friends – knowing (or where the 
employee or director should have reasonably known) that the other persons will use that information to trade 
in, or procure someone else to trade in, Securities.
For personal use only

This prohibition applies regardless of how the employee or director learns the information (eg, even if the 
employee or director overhears it or is told it in a social setting).
The prohibition on insider trading applies not only to information concerning MND’s Securities.  If a person has 
inside information in relation to securities of another company, that person must not deal in those securities. 
This may include customers, counterparties, contractors and suppliers with whom MND deals.
Insider trading is prohibited at any time if the person possesses inside information, irrespective of whether this 
Policy provides that Dealing could occur in a trading window or outside a closed period, whether it is excluded 
from the operation of the Policy or whether any specific authority to trade has been given. 
A breach of insider trading laws, may result in serious civil and criminal consequences.
CGB Rubino 
Chairman
Monadelphous Group Limited
August 2015
For personal use only

Definitions
Term
Definition
The Group or The Company
Is defined as Monadelphous Group Limited
Key Management Personnel
Is defined as those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, 
directing and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly, 
including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of the Group or its 
controlled entities
Other Employee
Is defined as an employee of the Group, other than Key Management 
Personnel, who has access to, or is in the possession of Unpublished, Price-
Sensitive Information, and without limitation, may include:
•	 an employee who works closely with, or in close proximity to, Key 
Management Personnel (including their executive assistants);
•	 an employee who works in the finance area or a strategic planning area;
•	 the next layer of management below Key Management Personnel; and
•	 an employee (such as a member of the IT staff) who may have access to 
Key Management Personnel’s email or document folders.
Dealing
Includes subscribing for, purchasing or selling, or entering an agreement to 
subscribe for, purchase or sell, Securities; and “Deal” has a corresponding 
meaning
Unpublished
Is defined as information that is not in the domain of the general public
Price-Sensitive Information
Is defined as information which a reasonable person would expect to have a 
material effect on the price or value of MND Securities
Directly
Is defined as any transaction relating to MND Securities that is carried out in 
the name of an MND employee or director to whom this Policy applies
Indirectly
Is defined as any transaction relating to MND Securities in which an MND 
employee or director to whom this Policy applies has an interest, when the 
transaction has been carried out in the name of another person or corporate 
body
Securities
Has the meaning given in the Introduction section of this Policy
Substantial Holding
Is defined as a relevant interest (as that term is defined in the Corporations 
Act) of 5% or more (of the voting power of shares in MND) under the control 
of a shareholder and/or their associates
For personal use only
