 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Megaport Limited 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
Adopted by the Board on 6 November 2025
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
This is an important policy.  It provides an outline of the law relating to insider trading and it sets 
out when employees, contractors, directors of the company, Executive Management any other 
person that agrees to be bound by this Policy from time to time, and their Controlled Entities 
(“Restricted Persons”) can trade in the securities of Megaport Limited (“Megaport”).  
It is important that you read this Policy and understand its terms.  If you are unsure about any of 
the terms of this Policy, or if you do not understand the summary of the law relating to insider 
trading, please obtain independent legal advice before dealing in the securities of Megaport.  
Alternatively, you can contact the Company Secretary for more information. 
 
 
Inside information 
This Policy is designed to ensure compliance with the insider trading provisions of the Corporations 
Act. The key prohibition under the Act is trading when you have ‘inside information’.   
 
What is Inside information? 
Inside information has the meaning given to that term in section 1042A Corporations Act.  As a 
summary, information that is not generally available (as defined below), and which, if it were 
generally available: 
1. a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of 
Megaport Securities; or 
2. it would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities in 
deciding whether to acquire or dispose of Megaport Securities. 
Information is considered ‘generally available’ if it is readily observable, or if it has been made known 
in a manner likely to bring it to the attention of persons who commonly invest in securities of the 
relevant type. 
 
Restrictions on using Inside information 
Insider trading is illegal under the Corporations Act.  You commit insider trading if you have 
information about a company which you know to be, or ought reasonably know to be, Inside 
information and you: 
• 
trade in that company’s securities;  
• 
procure another person to trade in that company’s securities; or 
• 
communicate the information, directly or indirectly, to another person who you know, or ought 
reasonably to know, is likely to trade in those securities or procure another person to trade in 
those securities. 
Insider trading is prohibited under the Act, and also under this Policy for all Restricted Persons. 
The penalty for breach of the insider trading provisions of the Act includes fines and, in some 
circumstances, a gaol term.  Breaches of this policy may also be subject to disciplinary action, 
which could include termination of employment.   
For personal use only

 
 
Who does this Policy apply to? 
This Policy applies to Restricted Persons.    
A Restricted Person who would be prohibited from trading under this Policy must not trade through 
any member of their family, or through a trust or company over which they have influence or control. 
It is also important to note that although this Policy only applies to Restricted Persons, the insider 
trading provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) apply to all persons, 
including your family and acquaintances. 
Which securities does this Policy apply to? 
This Policy applies to all securities issued by Megaport of any kind, including ordinary shares and any 
other security that may be issued by the Company going forward, such as preference shares, 
debentures, convertible notes or options as well as hedging or derivative instruments in relation to 
such securities. 
There are also some circumstances where this Policy covers trading in the securities of other 
companies.  This Policy applies to the securities of other companies if: 
• 
the other company is a joint venture or collaborative partner of Megaport; 
• 
the other company is, or is about to be, a counterparty to a material agreement with 
Megaport that may be considered price sensitive to either party; 
• 
Megaport has made (or is planning to make) a takeover offer for that other company; or 
• 
Megaport has a substantial interest (5% or more) in the other company. 
For the purposes of this Policy, all the securities referred to above will be called Megaport Securities. 
Again, it is important to note that the insider trading provisions of the Corporation Act will apply to 
companies not covered by this Policy if you trade when you have Inside information. 
This Policy does not apply to: 
• 
a transfer of Megaport Securities already held by you into a superannuation fund or similar 
saving scheme in which you are a beneficiary; 
• 
transfers of Megaport Securities by you to your Relative with Written Clearance; 
• 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer or scheme of arrangement; 
• 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the existing security holders in a 
company, such as a pro-rata rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend, an equal 
access buy back or distribution reinvestment plan (where you have not commenced or 
amended your participation in the security purchase plan or distribution reinvestment plan 
during a Restricted Period);  
• 
the acquisition, election to acquire or exercise (but not the sale of securities following 
exercise) of a Megaport Security or an option, unit or a right (including restricted stock units) in 
For personal use only

 
 
respect of Megaport Securities under an employee incentive scheme, or the conversion of a 
convertible security, where the exercise of the option, unit or right, or the conversion of the 
security into a Megaport Security, falls during a Restricted Period;  
• 
where Megaport has an employee incentive scheme with you as a trustee of that scheme, an 
acquisition of Megaport Securities by you in your capacity as trustee;  
• 
investing or trading in a fund, scheme or an exchange traded fund (ETF) which holds 
Megaport Securities where the assets of that fund or scheme are invested at the discretion of 
a third party;  
• 
transfers in Megaport Securities where the beneficial ownership does not change; 
• 
disposal of Megaport Securities by a secured lender under a loan agreement secured by the 
Megaport Securities. See also the paragraph entitled “Security Arrangements”. 
Even where one of the exceptions from this Policy applies, it is important to note that the insider 
trading provisions of the Corporation Act will apply to dealings not covered by this Policy if you trade 
when you have Inside information. 
Restrictions on Trading in Megaport Securities 
This paragraph sets out the circumstances in which Restricted Persons cannot trade in Megaport 
Securities. 
 
Inside information 
All persons (including Restricted Persons) must not trade at any time if you have Inside information. 
 
Restricted Periods 
If you are a Restricted Person or a Relative of a Restricted Person, you must not trade during a 
Restricted Period unless you have Written Clearance provided in the manner contemplated in the 
parts of this Policy entitled “Authorisation requirement” and “Authorised Trading”.   
Outside of the Restricted Periods above, Restricted Persons and their Relatives may trade in 
Megaport Securities so long as you are not prohibited from trading under another rule in this Policy 
and comply with the parts of this Policy entitled “Authorisation requirement” and “Notification of 
trades” (to the extent these apply to you). 
 
Speculative Trading 
If you are a Restricted Person, you must not trade in Megaport Securities for short term or speculative 
gain.  In particular you must not engage in the following activities without Written Clearance:  
• 
engage in hedging arrangements, deal in derivatives or enter into other arrangements which 
limit the economic risk related to Megaport Securities (including, for example, the use of put 
and call options, contracts for difference and other contracts intended to secure a profit or 
avoid a loss based on fluctuations in the price of Megaport Securities);  
• 
enter into any arrangement of the nature described above if to do so would be in contravention 
of the Corporations Act; or 
For personal use only

 
 
• 
enter into any arrangement designed to profit from a decrease in the share price of Megaport 
Securities. 
 
Security Arrangements 
If you are a Restricted Person, you must not, unless you have Written Clearance, directly or indirectly, 
grant any form of security (such as a charge, mortgage or pledge) over any of your Megaport 
Securities (including those Megaport Securities which are unvested or the subject of a holding lock) to 
secure your obligations to any third party, including a margin lender. 
 
WARNING:  
If you are in possession of Inside information you must not trade in the Megaport  
Securities irrespective of whether or not that trading is outside a Restricted Period. 
 
Dealing in Megaport Securities by Directors and Executive 
Management 
 
Authorisation requirement 
Executive Management, directors and their Relatives wishing to trade in Megaport Securities at any 
time must obtain prior Written Clearance as follows: 
 
Person wishing to trade 
Authorised Officer 
The Chair 
Chair of the Audit Committee 
The CEO, or a director other than the 
Chairperson 
The Chair 
All other Executive Management 
CEO 
 
All requests to buy or sell Megaport Securities must include: 
• 
if the request relates to trading during a Closed Period, the exceptional circumstances which 
apply (see also the paragraph entitled “When can Written Clearance be given?”); 
• 
the intended volume of securities to be purchased or sold; 
• 
an estimated time frame for the sale or purchase; and 
• 
a statement that the person is not in possession of any Inside information. 
Authorised Officers have absolute discretion to give or refuse Written Clearance and to withdraw 
Written Clearance if new information comes to light. The Authorised Officer’s decisions are final and 
if you are refused Written Clearance you must keep that refusal confidential. Copies of Written 
Clearance must be forwarded to the Company Secretary prior to the authorised purchase or sale 
transaction.  
The paragraph entitled “How long does Written Clearance last?” also applies to Written Clearance 
given to directors and Executive Management. 
For personal use only

 
 
Authorised Trading 
If you are a Restricted Person or their Relative and wish to trade in Megaport Securities during a 
Restricted Period or if you are a Restricted Person who wishes to engage in speculative trading or 
grant security over your Megaport Securities, but cannot do so because of this Policy, you may apply 
for permission to trade if exceptional circumstances exist.  This is called Written Clearance. 
Who can give Written Clearance? 
An Authorised Officer can give, refuse or withdraw Written Clearance in their sole discretion.  The 
Authorised Officer changes depending on who is seeking Written Clearance.  The table below sets 
out who is an Authorised Officer: 
 
Person seeking Written Clearance 
Authorised Officer 
The Chair 
Two non-executive directors or a non-executive director 
and the CEO or CFO 
The CEO, or a director other than the 
Chair 
Two directors 
Any other Restricted Person 
CEO 
 
When can Written Clearance be given? 
Written Clearance can only be given if:  
• 
the proposed trade is not contrary to law; or  
• 
the proposed trade is not for speculative gain, to take advantage of Inside information or 
likely to be seen by the public, press, other shareholders or ASX as unfair; and 
• 
exceptional circumstances exist justifying the issue of the Written Clearance. 
What constitutes an exceptional circumstance is a matter for the discretion of the Authorising Officer. 
However, exceptional circumstances may exist where the proposed trade is: 
• 
to realise cash in a time of exceptional financial hardship; or 
• 
to comply with the requirement of a court order or enforceable undertaking; or 
• 
sought because delaying the trade would be exceptionally detrimental to the person’s family 
affairs.  
The Authorised Officer’s decisions are final and if you are refused Written Clearance you must keep 
that refusal confidential. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
How long does Written Clearance last? 
Unless otherwise specified in the Written Clearance and provided the Written Clearance has not 
been withdrawn, trades and other dealings in Megaport Securities that have received Written 
Clearance must be made within 7 days of the date of that Written Clearance. 
Notification of trades 
 
Restricted Persons, other than directors 
If you trade in Megaport Securities you must notify the Company Secretary of the details of all 
completed transactions within 14 days after each transaction.  This is necessary whether or not 
authorisation or Written Clearance was required prior to trading.  The Company Secretary will 
maintain a register of securities transactions under this Policy. 
 
Trading by directors 
If you are a director and trade in Megaport Securities, you must notify the Company Secretary within 
2 days of the trade so that an Appendix 3Y or other prescribed form notifying ASX of the trade can be 
lodged. 
Monitoring and compliance with this Policy 
 
Megaport monitors trading in Megaport Securities by Restricted Persons as part of the administration 
of this Policy. 
The Board may require Restricted Persons to certify that they are aware of and understand this 
Policy and may require Restricted Persons to attest to their compliance with this Policy periodically as 
part of the ongoing administration this Policy.  
Periodic review 
The Board will review this Policy as and when required to ensure it meets regulatory standards and 
will notify the market and Restricted Persons of any changes made to this Policy. Any material 
changes to this Policy will be provided to the ASX for release to the market within 5 business days of 
the material changes taking effect. 
Glossary 
 
Term 
Definition 
ASX 
means ASX Limited ACN 008 624 691 and the exchange operated 
by it. 
For personal use only

 
 
Term 
Definition 
Authorising Officer 
means the person identified in the paragraph “Authorised 
Trading”. 
Board 
means the Company’s board. 
Business Day 
means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or national holiday 
for banks in Sydney, New South Wales. 
CEO 
means the executive officer (by whatever title known, whether 
chief executive officer, managing director or otherwise) with sole 
responsibility for the strategic and operational management of the 
Company. 
Chair 
means the chair of the Board. 
Closed Period 
(a) in respect of Board members and Executive Management, 
means: 
(i) from 9 June each year until the second Business Day after 
the announcement to the ASX of the Company’s 
Appendix 4E Full Year Report; 
(ii) from 10 December each year until the second Business 
Day after the announcement to the ASX of the Company’s 
Appendix 4D Half Year Report; and 
(iii) four weeks prior to the conclusion of the Company’s 
annual general meeting until the second Business Day 
after the conclusion of the Company’s annual general 
meeting; and 
(b) in respect of all other Restricted Persons, means the period 
that begins: 
(i) four weeks prior to the announcement to the ASX of the 
Company’s Appendix 4E Full Year Report and ends after 
that announcement is made; 
(ii) four weeks prior to the announcement to the ASX of the 
Company’s Appendix 4D Half Year Report and ends 
after that announcement is made; and 
(iii) two weeks prior to the conclusion of the Company’s 
annual general meeting and ends after the conclusion of 
the Company’s annual general meeting. 
Company or Megaport 
means Megaport Limited ACN 607 301 959 and, as the context 
requires, its Controlled Entities. 
Company Secretary 
means the secretary of the Company. 
Controlled Entities 
means a company or trust controlled by such person. 
For personal use only

 
 
Term 
Definition 
Corporations Act 
means Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Executive Management 
includes the CEO, chief financial officer, chief operations officer, 
chief legal officer, any other Key Management Personnel and other 
direct reports of the CEO. 
Inside information 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1042A Corporations 
Act. 
Insider trading 
has the meaning given to that term under Part 7.10, Division 3 
Corporations Act. 
Key Management 
Personnel 
has the meaning given to that term in section 9 of the 
Corporations Act.  
Policy 
means the policy contained in this document or in any amending 
or replacement document. 
Restricted Period 
means: 
(a) any Closed Period; and 
(b) any other period during which the Board decides some or all 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from trading in Megaport 
Securities. 
Relative 
all relatives of the person including such person’s spouse, de facto 
spouse, children and step-children.   
Restricted Persons 
means employees, contractors, directors of the Company, 
Executive Management and any other person that agrees to be 
bound by this Policy from time to time, and Controlled Entities of 
such persons. 
Megaport Securities 
means securities to which this Policy applies, as identified in the 
paragraph entitled “Which Securities does this Policy Apply to”. 
Written Clearance 
means the authority in written or electronic format to: 
(a) 
trade in Megaport Securities: 
(i) at any time by directors and Executive Management; or 
(ii) during a Restricted Period by a Restricted Person; or  
(b) 
engage in those arrangements described in the paragraphs 
entitled “Speculative Trading” and “Security Arrangements”. 
 
For personal use only
