Macquarie Group of Companies 
Australia and Worldwide 
50 Martin Place 
Telephone (61 2) 8232 3333 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Facsimile 
(61 2) 8232 3019 
GPO Box 4294 
Internet  
http://www.macquarie.com 
Sydney NSW 1164 
AUSTRALIA 
 
 
 
Authorised for release to the ASX by Sam Dobson, Head of Investor Relations. 
ASX Release 
MACQUARIE GROUP LIMITED (ASX: MQG) - TRADING POLICY  
 
Sydney, 2 January 2024 - In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, please find attached the Macquarie Group Limited 
Trading policy, which has been updated effective January 2024. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contact 
Simone Kovacic 
 
 
Macquarie Group and Macquarie Bank 
Company Secretary 
 
 
+61 2 8232 3333 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Macquarie Group Limited 
Trading Policy 
Policy Owner: RMG Employee Compliance and Legal 
and Governance Central – CoSec & Registry
Document 
classification: 
Macquarie-wide policy (General) 
Last review: 
2 January 2024 
Last updated: 
2 January 2024 
Approver: 
Rationale: 
RMG Enterprise Compliance (Division Head), MGL Company Secretary 
This policy has been developed to:  
•
satisfy statutory and regulatory obligations
•
meet industry practice and market expectations
•
manage the potential risk to Macquarie’s reputation having regard to the nature of its business.
Policy 
statement: 
This Policy sets out the restrictions that apply to trading in Macquarie securities by Macquarie Staff and 
should be read in conjunction with the Macquarie Personal Investments Policy.  
Application: 
This Policy applies to all Macquarie Staff, which includes Staff, Key Management Personnel, and Associates 
as defined in Section 3.1.  
For personal use only

Macquarie Group Limited Trading Policy  
 
 
2 
1. General 
1.1 
Key Principles 
The key principles governing this Policy are:  
• 
Macquarie adopts the broader concept of “dealing” for the purposes of this Policy.  Macquarie considers dealing 
to include, without limitation, securities transactions such as transfers of beneficial ownership and trading 
(either directly or indirectly), including entering into an agreement to trade.  
• 
Macquarie Staff must conduct their personal investment activity lawfully and in a manner that avoids a conflict 
of interest between their own interests and duties owed to Macquarie or its clients. 
• 
Macquarie Staff may generally deal in a Macquarie security only during designated Staff Trading Windows, 
subject to pre-clearance, or as otherwise set out in this Policy.  
• 
Macquarie Staff are prohibited from trading, advising, or procuring any other person to trade any security, 
including a Macquarie security (even if the designated Staff Trading Window is open), if they possess Inside 
Information about or affecting the relevant security. Dealing in securities while in possession of Inside 
Information is prohibited by the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), even if the dealing may otherwise be permitted 
under this Policy.  
• 
Macquarie Staff are prohibited from engaging in short-term trading and uncovered short selling arrangements 
in relation to any security, include a Macquarie security (even if the designated Staff Trading Window is open). 
It is a condition of employment that all Macquarie Staff adhere to the principles and standards of conduct outlined 
in this Policy. Failure to comply may result in disciplinary action, including possible dismissal, and exposure to 
potential civil or criminal liability in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  
RMG Employee Compliance will record any breaches of this Policy and report serious breaches to the Macquarie 
Executive Committee and the Board of Directors of MGL as part of the normal reporting processes. 
1.2 
Scope  
This Policy applies to Macquarie securities as defined in section 3.1.  
1.3 
Excluded Dealings  
The Key Principles of this Policy continue to apply to Excluded Dealings. This includes the statutory prohibition on 
insider trading.  
The following are Excluded Dealings for the purposes of this Policy. Excluded Dealings may be executed outside the 
Staff Trading Window and are not subject to pre-clearance:   
• 
the acquisition of a Macquarie security pursuant to an employee share (or similar) plan under the terms of that 
plan and the relevant offer document or pursuant to the terms of a business acquisition or individual 
employment agreement 
• 
dealing under an offer or invitation made to all or most Macquarie security holders, including but not limited to 
participation in: 
o 
the MGL Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
o 
any MGL share purchase plan 
o 
a rights issue 
o 
an equal access buy-back 
• 
conversion of a convertible Macquarie security (including exchangeable shares issued by a subsidiary to a 
vendor upon acquisition of a business) but not the sale of the securities following conversion 
• 
public offerings of Macquarie securities to Macquarie Staff 
• 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of a takeover offer 
• 
certain investments in financial instruments or accounts where underlying investment decisions are not (and 
cannot be) made or influenced by the Macquarie Staff investor. For example, contributions into a 
superannuation fund (excluding SMSFs), investments in non-discretionary funds or funds of funds and cash 
deposit accounts. 
For personal use only

 Macquarie Group Limited Trading Policy  
 
 
3 
2. Policy requirements 
Macquarie Staff are prohibited from dealing in a Macquarie security, unless otherwise permitted under this Policy as:  
• 
an Excluded Dealing (refer to section 1.3 above) 
• 
a dealing described at section 2.2.1 below and placed during a Staff Trading Window 
• 
pre-clearance given and placed during a Staff Trading Window (refer to section 2.1 and 2.2 below) 
• 
a waiver given on the basis of exceptional circumstances (refer to section 2.3 below). 
2.1 
Staff Trading Window 
The Staff Trading Windows provide a conditional exception to the general prohibition on trading, rather than permission 
to trade.  Any trading during a Staff Trading Window is subject to pre-clearance procedures, with the exception of 
dealings described in 2.2.1 below. 
Dealing in a Macquarie security outside a Staff Trading Window by Macquarie Staff is strictly prohibited unless it is an 
Excluded Dealing (refer to section 1.3 above) or exceptional circumstance (refer to section 2.3 below). 
2.2 
Pre-clearance Procedures 
Dealing in Macquarie securities by Macquarie Staff must be pre-cleared against Macquarie’s conflicts management 
systems. 
Macquarie Staff may also be subject to additional business group or jurisdictional specific requirements and must 
consult their business group policy for details. 
All pre-clearances are subject to an expiry date and may be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a 
change in circumstances. A denied pre-clearance is final and binding on the Macquarie Staff member who made the 
request and must be kept confidential.  
Macquarie Staff are ultimately responsible for ensuring their personal dealings in Macquarie securities comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations.  Where pre-clearance is received and business group approval provided, Macquarie Staff 
must satisfy themselves that the relevant dealing is appropriate and that they do not hold any non-public, price-
sensitive information that would affect Macquarie securities.  
2.2.1 
Dealings exempt from pre-clearance 
The following dealings are exempt from pre-clearance but may only be executed during a Macquarie Staff Trading 
Window: 
• 
the exercise of Deferred Share Units or Performance Share Units under the Macquarie Group Employee 
Retained Equity Plan (MEREP) 
• 
the withdrawal of Restricted Share Units under the MEREP. 
2.2.2 
Margin loans and other financing arrangements 
Macquarie Staff who enter into margin loans or other financing arrangements over Macquarie securities should ensure 
they have sufficient available cash or other acceptable collateral to meet margin calls including during a period of 
extreme sudden market downturn. 
2.2.3 
Transactions designed to hedge exposure to Macquarie securities 
Macquarie Staff are not permitted at any time to enter into a transaction that is designed or intended to hedge their 
exposure to Macquarie securities which have not vested or are subject to a holding lock or dealing restriction. They can 
however enter into a transaction intended to hedge unrestricted Macquarie securities subject to pre-clearance and 
other general personal dealing requirements (and, in respect of Key Management Personnel, subject to section 2.4 
below).   
Key Management Personnel and Executive Directors may not enter into a transaction that operates to limit or reduce 
the economic risk of their shareholding below the minimum personal shareholding requirement. 
For personal use only

Macquarie Group Limited Trading Policy  
 
 
4 
2.3 
Exceptional Circumstances 
A specific waiver from the prohibitions on dealing in a Macquarie security outside a Staff Trading Window may be 
granted in exceptional circumstances. Exceptional circumstances include where a Macquarie Staff member may need to 
deal in a Macquarie security:  
• 
by compulsion of law or regulation.  For example, a court order or court enforceable undertaking to transfer or 
sell Macquarie securities 
• 
on account of severe financial hardship.  For example, where the Macquarie Staff member has a 
pressing/urgent financial commitment that cannot be met other than by selling Macquarie securities. 
Not all exceptional circumstances can be specified in advance and there may be a range of other circumstances not 
identified in this Policy that may be deemed exceptional by the ANZ Regional Head of Compliance, Global Head of 
Compliance, or the Head of Risk Management Group. As a general guide, the Macquarie Staff member must satisfy the 
ANZ Regional Head of Compliance, Global Head of Compliance, or the Head of Risk Management Group (as applicable) 
that the circumstances are otherwise exceptional, and that the proposed dealing is the only reasonable action available.  
2.3.1 
Procedure for waiver requests in exceptional circumstances 
A waiver request must be submitted to RMG Employee Compliance in writing, accompanied by a statutory declaration 
from the requesting Macquarie Staff member declaring that: 
• 
the proposed dealing is the only reasonable action available  
• 
they do not possess non-public price-sensitive information affecting any Macquarie security. 
RMG Employee Compliance must then seek approval from the ANZ Regional Head of Compliance, Global Head of 
Compliance, or the Head of Risk Management Group. 
Macquarie reserves the right to seek any additional information or evidence from a Macquarie Staff member requesting 
a specific waiver at any time during the determination process. 
Waiver requests are dealt with on a case-by-case basis and the granting of a waiver is at Macquarie’s absolute 
discretion and subject to an expiry date. A refusal is final and binding on the person who made the waiver request and 
must be kept confidential.  
Granting of a waiver is not an approval or endorsement of the dealing, and Macquarie Staff remain personally 
responsible for their investment decisions and complying with the law.  
A waiver may be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a change in circumstances. 
2.4 
Financing arrangements in respect of Macquarie Securities – Key Management 
Personnel 
Key Management Personnel (KMP) who enter into margin loans or other financing arrangements over Macquarie 
securities should ensure they have sufficient available cash or other acceptable collateral to meet margin calls, including 
during a period of extreme sudden market downturn. Liquidating a position to satisfy a margin call requires pre-
clearance against Macquarie’s PTA system. 
KMP must annually disclose their financing arrangements relating to their Macquarie securities to Macquarie. 
KMP must inform the Company Secretary immediately if the following circumstances apply: 
• 
the member of KMP holds Macquarie securities that have been lent, mortgaged, or charged to a financier  
• 
circumstances have arisen in which the financier is entitled or likely to become entitled to exercise a right under 
the finance arrangements to demand payment  
• 
the member of KMP expects that the demand will not able to be satisfied without the disposal of securities 
representing at least 1% of the total number of issued securities of Macquarie.  
For personal use only

 Macquarie Group Limited Trading Policy  
 
 
5 
3. Supporting mechanisms 
3.1 
Definitions 
Terminology 
Definition 
Excluded Dealings 
certain transactions that may be executed outside a Staff Trading Window and 
are not subject to pre-clearance, as set out in section 1.3 
Key Management Personnel 
(KMP) 
all Voting Directors and members of the Executive Committee of Macquarie 
Group Limited 
Macquarie 
Macquarie Group Ltd and its subsidiaries 
Macquarie securities 
Includes, but is not limited to: Macquarie Group Limited (MQG) ordinary shares 
listed on the Australian Securities Exchange; Macquarie Group Employee 
Retained Equity Plan (MEREP) awards including Restricted Share Units (RSUs), 
Deferred Share Units (DSUs) and Performance Share Units (PSUs); Macquarie 
Exchangeable Shares; MQG ADRs traded in the US “over the counter” market; 
Structured products providing exposure to MQG shares, including but not 
limited to ETFs; Futures contracts, options and warrants over MQG shares; 
Macquarie debt and hybrid securities  
Staff 
includes Macquarie employees and all other members of Macquarie’s staff 
including agency workers, interns, secondees and contractors/consultants as 
deemed subject by RMG Employee Compliance 
Associates 
A spouse, de facto partner, domestic partner, civil union partner, or any 
dependent under the age of 18, of any Staff (Immediate Family); any other 
relative living in the same household as any Staff (unless financially independent 
from any Staff); or any other person whose investment decisions a member of 
Staff may have any influence on 
MEREP 
Macquarie Group Employee Retained Equity Plan 
MGL 
Macquarie Group Ltd 
PTA 
Macquarie-wide personal compliance system where staff disclose brokerage 
accounts, seek pre-clearance before trading and seek approval for personal 
private investments 
SMSF 
self-managed superannuation fund 
Staff Trading Window 
subject to Macquarie’s discretion, a period of up to five weeks following the 
release of Macquarie’s interim results (November/December), final results 
(May/June) and Annual General Meeting (July/August) and other specific periods 
where Macquarie has publicly released all relevant price-sensitive information  
Inside Information 
Information that:  
• 
is not generally available; and  
• 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect to have a 
material effect on the price or value of financial products. This will be 
satisfied if the information would, or would likely, influence persons who 
commonly trade to buy or sell the security 
 
For personal use only
