 
 
 
 
Myer Holdings Limited ABN 14 119 085 602 
Level 7, 800 Collins Street, Docklands, VIC 3008 
 
11 May 2017 
 
 
Updated Securities Dealing Policy 
 
Myer Holdings Limited (MYR) provides its updated Securities Dealing Policy in accordance with 
ASX Listing Rule 12.10. 
 
-ends- 
 
For further information please contact: 
Investors 
Davina Gunn, General Manager Investor Relations, +61 (0) 400 896 809 
Media 
Rohan Singh, National Corporate Affairs & Communications Manager, +61 (0) 475 888 272 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
Myer Holdings Limited 
Level 7, 800 Collins Street 
Docklands VIC 3008 
Australia 
Telephone +61 3 8667 6000 
www.myer.com.au 
 
 
Securities Dealing 
Policy 
Myer Holdings Limited 
ACN 119 085 602 
Adopted by the Board on 10 May 2017. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
 
Securities Dealing Policy  
1 
Introduction 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
 
explain the types of conduct in Trading Myer Securities (including Myer's 
ordinary shares listed on ASX and its American Depositary Receipts) that are 
prohibited under law.  Such prohibitions apply to all Directors and Employees 
(including contractors);  
 
avoid the appearance of insider trading and the significant reputational damage 
that may cause; and 
 
establish a best practice procedure for Trading Myer Securities that protects 
Myer, its Directors and its Employees (including contractors) against the misuse 
of inside information. 
Myer aims to achieve the highest possible standards of corporate conduct and 
governance. The Board of Directors considers that compliance with this Policy is 
essential to ensure that the highest standards of conduct are being met by all Directors 
and Employees (including contractors). 
Trading Securities is prohibited at any time that you possess inside information.  
Insider trading prohibitions apply to everyone.  Any person who possesses inside 
information in relation to a company must not Trade Securities of that company, 
regardless of the terms of this Policy or any written clearance given under this Policy in 
respect of Myer Securities. 
You should only Trade Myer Securities at appropriate times and when authorised.  
In addition to setting out the general policy in relation to Trading of Myer Securities, this 
Policy recognises that there are specific periods when Directors and Restricted 
Employees should not Trade Myer Securities.  This Policy also sets out procedures which 
apply to Trading of Myer Securities by Directors and Restricted Employees. 
The definition of Trade in this Policy utilises the term "Dealing".  Myer adopts the broader 
concept of "dealing" for the purposes of this Policy.  Myer considers Dealing to include, 
without limitation, Securities transactions such as transfers of beneficial ownership and 
trading (either directly or indirectly). 
Any non-compliance with this Policy will be regarded as serious misconduct which may 
entitle Myer to take corrective disciplinary action including dismissal. 
Capitalised terms in this Policy are defined in Section 11. 
2 
Insider trading 
2.1 
What you must not do 
Under the Corporations Act, if a person possess "inside information" in relation to the 
Securities of a company, the person must not: 
(a) 
Trade those Securities; or 
(b) 
Procure another person to Trade those Securities; or 
(c) 
directly or indirectly communicate the information, or cause the information to 
be communicated, to another person if the person knows, or ought reasonably 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
to know, that the other person would, or would be likely to, Trade those 
Securities in any way or Procure a third person to Trade those Securities. 
Importantly, given the broad definition of "Procure", a person who Trades Securities 
through another entity (such as a trust or self-managed superannuation fund) while in 
possession of inside information may contravene the insider trading prohibitions and this 
Policy. 
2.2 
Understanding "inside information" and if you have it 
(a) 
Inside information is information that: 
(1) 
is not generally available; and 
(2) 
if it were generally available, would, or would likely to influence 
investors in deciding whether to Trade a company's Securities. 
(b) 
You may assume that information is generally available only if it has been 
announced to the ASX for a reasonable period of time (to allow the market to 
assess that information). 
(c) 
Where a person has inside information in relation to Securities of any company, 
that person must not Trade those Securities, advise others or procure others to 
Trade those Securities or pass on the inside information to any person that will 
use that information to Trade, or procure someone else to Trade, those 
Securities. 
2.3 
A person does not need to be an "insider" 
A person can possess inside information in respect of a company, even if they are not 
associated in any way with that company.  It is irrelevant how the inside information was 
obtained. 
2.4 
Penalties 
(a) 
A person who Trades Securities while they possess inside information or 
communicates that information in the circumstances described in section 2.1 
above may be liable for both significant civil and criminal penalties: 
(1) 
criminal penalties of imprisonment for up to 10 years and/or a fine of 
up to A$810,000 or three times the benefits gained (whichever is 
greater); and/or 
(2) 
civil penalties (for individuals) of up to A$200,000 in fines. 
(b) 
In addition, it is a condition of employment with Myer that all Myer Employees 
adhere to the principles and standards of conduct outlined in this Policy.  A 
breach of this Policy may lead to disciplinary action by Myer, including 
termination of your employment with Myer. 
2.5 
Examples of inside information 
The following items are examples of information which may be inside information in 
relation to a company: 
(a) 
a change in financial forecasts or expectations; 
(b) 
a proposed dividend; 
(c) 
changes to the Board of Directors or senior executives; 
(d) 
pending ASX announcements; 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
(e) 
proposed changes in capital structure, including issues of Securities, rights 
issues, the redemption of Securities and capital reconstructions; 
(f) 
giving or receiving a notice of intention to make a takeover offer; 
(g) 
debt facilities and borrowings; 
(h) 
mergers, demergers, acquisitions and divestments; 
(i) 
significant changes in operations, strategy or proposed changes in the general 
character or nature of the business of a company or its subsidiaries; 
(j) 
liquidity and cash flow information; 
(k) 
sales figures; 
(l) 
major or material purchases or sales of assets; 
(m) 
significant new contracts or customers; 
(n) 
an entity proposing to buy, or a security holder proposing to sell, a substantial 
number of a company's Securities; 
(o) 
industry issues that are not generally known and that may have a material 
impact on the company; 
(p) 
significant litigation involving the company; 
(q) 
allegations of any breach of law or other regulatory requirements by the 
company; and 
(r) 
decisions on significant issues affecting the company by regulatory bodies in 
Australia or other relevant jurisdictions (such as ASIC or ACCC). 
This is not an exhaustive list. 
If you have any questions about inside information and your responsibilities, please 
contact the Myer Chief General Counsel. 
3 
Important restrictions on your ability to Trade Myer Securities 
(all Employees and Directors) 
3.1 
General principles 
(a) 
Employees and Directors must comply with the insider trading provisions of the 
Corporations Act at all times and must not Trade (or communicate inside 
information to or Procure another person to Trade) Myer Securities whilst in 
possession of inside information in respect of Myer Securities. 
(b) 
Employees and Directors must not derive personal advantage from information 
which is not generally available and which has been obtained by reason of their 
connection with Myer. 
(c) 
Employees and Directors must not engage in short term Trading of Myer 
Securities.  In general, the Board of Directors consider the following to be 
transactions of a short term nature: 
(1) 
acquiring Securities with an intention to sell within a 3 month period; 
or 
(2) 
selling Securities with a view to repurchase within a 3 month period.  
(d) 
Restricted Employees and Directors must not purchase or create any hedge 
and/or derivative attached to or based on Myer Securities.  All Restricted 
Employees and Directors must not (and must ensure that their Closely Related 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
Parties do not) use, or allow to be used, any derivatives or other products which 
operate to limit the economic risk of Myer Securities under an employee 
incentive scheme that are unvested or vested but subject to disposal 
restrictions. 
(e) 
Employees and Directors are ultimately responsible for ensuring that their 
personal dealings in Myer Securities comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations. 
4 
Restrictions on Trading Myer Securities for Directors and 
Restricted Employees 
4.1 
General principles 
In addition to the requirements applying to all Employees, Restricted Employees and 
Directors must also comply with additional specific restrictions set out in this section 4. 
You are a Restricted Employee (and those in sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) inclusive are a 
KMP) if you are: 
(a) 
the CEO; 
(b) 
the CFO; 
(c) 
a Company Secretary; 
(d) 
the Chief General Counsel; 
(e) 
a direct report of the CEO;  
(f) 
a direct report to the CFO, a Company Secretary or Chief General Counsel; 
(g) 
an employee that occupy positions falling within Job Grades 1 to 6 (inclusive); 
(h) 
an employee holding roles specified for the purposes of this Policy by the CEO, 
CFO, a Company Secretary or the Chief General Counsel as a "Restricted 
Employee"; 
(i) 
an executive assistant to the CEO, CFO, a Company Secretary or Chief 
General Counsel; or 
(j) 
an executive assistant of a person specified as a "Restricted Employee" under 
sub-paragraph (h). 
You are ultimately responsible for ensuring that your personal Trading of Myer Securities 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations and you must satisfy yourself that the 
relevant Trading is appropriate and that you do not hold any inside information that would 
affect Myer Securities.  If you are unsure about your obligations, please consult the Chief 
General Counsel.  
4.2 
Trading Windows 
Directors and Restricted Employees are only permitted to Trade Myer Securities 
during Trading Windows. 
Each year, the Trading Windows are as follows: 
(a) 
the 6 week period commencing at 10.00am on the next trading day after the 
announcement to ASX of Myer's half yearly results; 
(b) 
the 6 week period commencing at 10.00am on the next trading day after the 
announcement to ASX of Myer's preliminary final statement or full year results; 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
5 
 
(c) 
the 4 week period commencing at 10.00am on the next trading day after the 
holding of Myer's Annual General Meeting;  
(d) 
the period that Myer has a current prospectus or other form of disclosure 
document on issue under which persons may subscribe for Myer Securities; 
and 
(e) 
any other period, as determined by the Board of Directors from time to time 
(which determination may apply in respect of one or more Director or Restricted 
Employee or groups of Directors and/or Restricted Employees). 
At any time, the Board of Directors may vary, suspend or terminate the Trading Windows 
for a specified period in its discretion.  To the extent determined by the Board, Directors 
and Restricted Employees will be notified of any such changes to the Trading Windows.  
Trading Myer Securities by Directors or Restricted Employees outside of a Trading 
Window is strictly prohibited unless it is an Excluded Dealing (see section 4.7) or 
under Exceptional Circumstances (see section 4.8). 
4.3 
Advanced clearance for Trading Myer Securities (Directors and 
KMPs) 
If you are a Director or KMP, you must seek prior written clearance before undertaking 
any Trading of Myer Securities. 
(a) 
Advance notification required 
Directors and KMPs must notify the Designated Superior at least 3 working 
days in advance of any proposed Trading of Myer Securities.  The notification 
must be made in accordance with, and to the Designated Superior specified in, 
section 5. 
(b) 
Confirmation of clearance required 
Directors and KMPs may only undertake Trading of Myer Securities if the 
Designated Superior specified in section 5 (to whom the notification of proposed 
Trading has been provided to) provide clearance for the proposed Trading and 
provides the Director or KMP with notification of that clearance prior to the 
proposed Trading occurring. 
4.4 
Advanced notification for Trading Myer Securities (Restricted 
Employees other than Directors and KMPs) 
If you are a Restricted Employee (other than a Director or KMP), you must provide 
advanced written notification of any proposed Trading of Myer Securities. 
(a) 
Advance notification required 
Restricted Employees (other than Directors and KMPs) must notify the 
Designated Superior at least 3 working days in advance of any proposed 
Trading of Myer Securities.  The notification must be made in accordance with, 
and to the Designated Superior specified in, section 5. 
(b) 
Assumed clearance unless prohibited 
After providing advanced notification of the proposed Trading of Myer Securities 
in accordance with section 4.4(a), a Restricted Employee (other than a Director 
or KMP) may (subject to any other part of this Policy, including the insider 
trading provisions of the Corporations Act) undertake the notified Trade of Myer 
Securities. 
Notwithstanding the above, you must not undertake any Trading of Myer 
Securities if the Designated Superior specified in section 5: 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
(1) 
has notified you that the notified Trading of Myer Securities is 
prohibited; and 
(2) 
that notification is provided to you at least one working day prior to the 
proposed date of the Trade originally notified by you to the Designated 
Superior. 
4.5 
Confirmation of Trading Myer Securities afterwards 
All Directors and Restricted Employees must confirm (with the Designated Superior) that 
any Trading of Myer Securities has been undertaken within 2 working days of such 
Trading occurring. 
Directors and Restricted Employees must provide the HINs or SRNs (as defined in the 
ASX Settlement Operating Rules) of their holdings. 
Directors must provide sufficient details of all Trading to enable Myer to file a notice in 
accordance with the ASX Listing Rules within 5 working days of the Trade. 
4.6 
Restriction on margin loans and other security interests for Directors 
and Restricted Employees 
No Director or Restricted Employee may enter into a margin loan or similar funding 
arrangement to acquire any Myer Securities, or grant lenders any rights or security 
directly over their Myer Securities without first obtaining the clearance of that person's 
Designated Superior.  That person's Designated Superior may, at the Designated 
Superior's discretion, make any clearance for the purposes of this section 4.6 conditional 
on such terms and conditions as the Designated Superior sees fit.  
4.7 
Excluded Dealings – Trades which may occur outside of a Trading 
Window with notification under sections 4.3 or 4.4 as applicable 
Excluded Dealings may be effected outside any period designated as a Trading Window 
but you will remain obliged to comply with your obligations under sections 4.3 or 4.4 (as 
applicable). 
The following are Excluded Dealings for the purposes of this Policy: 
(a) 
(Employee, executive and director share plans) participation in Myer's 
employee shares, options or share rights plans (including accepting an offer to 
participate or applying for an allocation of Myer Securities).   
Any subsequent Trading of Myer Securities acquired under such plans must 
only occur in accordance with this Policy.  Options and share rights may only be 
exercised within the Trading Windows. 
Where Myer Securities granted under an employee share plan cease to be held 
under the terms of that plan, any Trading of those Myer Securities must only 
occur in accordance with this Policy. 
(b) 
(Passive trades) the following categories of passive trades: 
(1) 
acquisition of Myer Securities through a dividend or distribution 
reinvestment plan; 
(2) 
acquisition of Myer Securities through a share purchase plan available 
to all retail shareholders; 
(3) 
acquisition of Myer Securities through a pro rata issue; 
(4) 
disposal of rights acquired under a pro rata issue; and 
(5) 
the disposal of Myer Securities through the acceptance of a takeover 
offer, scheme of arrangement or equal access buy back; 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
7 
 
(c) 
(No beneficial change) Trades that do not result in a change to the beneficial 
interest in the Myer Securities; 
(d) 
(Internal transfers) Trades that transfer Myer Securities to another holding in 
your own name, to your Closely Related Party or to their superannuation fund;  
(e) 
(Certain investments)  Dealing with financial instruments or accounts where 
underlying investment decisions are not (and cannot be) made or influenced by 
you or your Closely Related Parties.  For example, contributions into a 
superannuation fund (excluding SMSFs), investments in non-discretionary 
funds or funds of funds and cash deposit accounts; and 
(f) 
(Pre-approved margin lending arrangements)  Subject to section 4.6, a 
disposal of Myer Securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their 
rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement. 
4.8 
Exceptional Circumstances 
If you need to Trade Myer Securities due to Exceptional Circumstances but such Trading 
would breach this Policy, you may apply to the Designated Superior specified in section 5 
for a waiver from compliance with section 4.2. 
Exceptional Circumstances for the purposes of this Policy are: 
(a) 
where you are facing severe financial hardship and can only meet your financial 
commitments by selling your Myer Securities; 
(b) 
where you are required by a court order or court enforceable undertaking (e.g. 
in a bona fide family settlement) or some other overriding legal or regulatory 
requirement to Trade Myer Securities; or 
(c) 
any other circumstance that is deemed to be an Exceptional Circumstance by 
the Designated Superior. 
If you are seeking a clearance under this section 4.8, you must apply in writing to the 
Designated Superior specified in section 5 setting out: 
(a) 
the circumstances of the proposed Dealing (including an explanation as to the 
severe financial hardship or circumstances that you believe are otherwise 
exceptional); and 
(b) 
the reason the clearance is requested. 
A clearance will only be granted if your application is accompanied by sufficient evidence 
(in the opinion of the Designated Superior specified in section 5) that the Trading of the 
relevant Myer Securities is the most reasonable course of action available in the 
circumstances. 
Requests for specific clearance under this section 4.8 will be dealt with on a case-by-
case basis and the granting of a specific clearance under this section 4.8 is at Myer's sole 
discretion. 
If a clearance is granted, you will be notified in writing (which may include notification via 
email). 
In each case where a clearance is granted, the duration of that clearance to deal in Myer 
Securities will be no more than 2 working days. 
A clearance to Trade under this section 4.8 may be withdrawn if any new information 
comes to light or there is a change in circumstance. 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any Trading permitted under this section 4.8 
must comply with the other sections of this Policy (to the extent applicable). 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
5 
Consents and notifications 
5.1 
Recipients of notifications and consent and/or waiver requests  
Where this Policy requires a notification to occur, or consent and/or clearance to be 
obtained, (unless the context requires otherwise) the table below sets out who you must 
notify or seek consent and/or clearance from. 
Your position 
Designated Superior to notify or to provide 
consent or clearance 
Chair of the Board 
The Board 
Other Directors (including 
CEO) 
The Chair of the Board 
KMPs 
Approval:     CEO 
Notification:  CEO or Company Secretary 
Other Restricted Employees 
Company Secretary 
5.2 
Duration of approval 
Where consent and/or clearance for you to Trade any Myer Securities is required, that 
consent/clearance will be valid for a period of up to 5 working days (or such other period 
as determined by the Designated Superior) from and including the date the 
consent/clearance is granted. 
If you intend to Trade Myer Securities outside of the period approved by the Designated 
Superior, a new notification must be given and a new consent and/or clearance must be 
obtained. 
5.3 
Forms to be used 
The Board may from time to time approve any forms which you must use to give a 
notification, or to seek a consent and/or clearance, under this Policy.  
Any form to give notification, or to seek a consent and/or clearance, under this Policy 
must include a certification from you that you are not in possession of any inside 
information that might preclude you from Trading Myer Securities at that time. 
5.4 
Issues around notification, consent and/or clearance for Trading 
Myer Securities 
You should be aware that: 
(a) 
any clearance to Trade Myer Securities can be given or refused by the 
Designated Superior in their discretion, without giving any reasons; 
(b) 
a clearance to Trade Myer Securities can be withdrawn if new information 
comes to light or there is a change in circumstances; 
(c) 
the Designated Superior's decision to refuse consent and/or clearance is final 
and binding;  
(d) 
if clearance to Trade Myer Securities is refused, you must keep that information 
confidential and not disclose it to anyone; 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
9 
 
(e) 
a clearance to Trade Myer Securities is not an endorsement of the proposed 
Trading and you are responsible for your own investment decisions and your 
compliance with all relevant laws (including those concerning insider trading); 
and 
(f) 
before you undertake any Trade Myer  Securities, you should consider carefully 
whether you are in possession of any inside information that might preclude you 
from Trading at that time and, if you have any doubt, you should not undertake 
that Trade. 
If you are in possession of inside information, you are prohibited from Trading of 
Myer Securities under the Corporations Act even if the Trade has been notified 
and/or approved under this Policy (whether due to exceptional circumstances or 
otherwise). In that scenario, you must not Trade Myer Securities even if that 
Trade has been notified or approved under this Policy. 
6 
Register of Trades of Myer Securities 
The Company Secretary must maintain a copy of: 
(a) 
all notifications or requests for approval to Trade Myer Securities submitted by 
Directors and Restricted Employees; and 
(b) 
details of all Trades of Myer Securities made by Directors and Restricted 
Employees. 
7 
Securities in other companies 
While in general, you are free to Trade Securities in other companies, the insider trading 
provisions of the Corporations Act will continue to apply to Trades by you in those of 
other companies (which may include Myer's customers, contractors or business 
partners). 
If you are aware of inside information concerning another company, you must not Trade 
the Securities of that company.  
You may come into possession of inside information where you are directly involved in 
client relationship management or negotiating contracts.  For example, where you are 
aware that Myer is about to sign a major agreement with another company, you must not 
Trade Securities in either Myer or the other company. 
8 
Consequences of breach 
Each Director and Employee must comply with the spirit and intent of this Policy. 
Breaches of the insider trading laws have serious consequences for both the Director 
and/or Employee concerned and Myer.  
A person who contravenes or is involved in a contravention of insider trading laws may 
also be liable to compensate any person who suffers loss or damage resulting from the 
conduct.  In addition, an actual or suspected breach of the insider trading laws may also 
give rise to adverse public scrutiny and media comment. 
It is therefore important that all Directors and Employees adhere to this Policy at all times. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
10 
 
Any person who is suspected of breaching this Policy may be suspended from attending 
the workplace on full pay pending the outcome of investigations into the alleged breach. 
Any person who is proven to have breached this Policy could face disciplinary action 
(including forfeiture of Myer Securities and/or suspension or termination of employment). 
9 
Other matters 
9.1 
Changes to this Policy 
If any material changes are made to this Policy, the Company Secretary will give the 
amended Policy to the ASX for release to the market within 5 working days of the 
material change taking effect. 
9.2 
Adoption of Policy and annual Board review 
This Policy was adopted by the Board of Directors on 10 May 2017, and takes effect from 
that date and replaces any previous policy in this regard.  The Board of Directors will 
review this Policy periodically.  The Company Secretary will communicate any 
amendments to Employees as appropriate. 
10 
Who to contact 
Any employee who has queries about this Policy should contact the Myer Chief General 
Counsel or Company Secretary. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
11 
 
11 
Definitions 
(a) 
Closely Related Parties means in relation to a person: 
(1) 
a spouse, child or grandchild of that person; 
(2) 
a child or grandchild of that person's spouse; 
(3) 
a dependant of that person or of that person's spouse; 
(4) 
anyone else who is one of that person's family and may be expected 
to influence that person, or be influenced by that person, in that 
person's dealings with Myer; 
(5) 
a company or superannuation fund that person controls; or 
(6) 
a trust (including family trust) of which that person is a beneficiary. 
(b) 
Corporations Act means Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
(c) 
Deal in respect of any Security, means to apply for, acquire or dispose of 
Securities (including exercising an option over Securities) or to enter into an 
agreement do any of those things (including short selling) and Dealing has a 
corresponding meaning. 
(d) 
Designated Superior means in respect of each person listed in the first column 
in section 5.1, the corresponding person or persons listed in the second column 
of that same table. 
(e) 
Directors means the directors of Myer Holdings Limited. 
(f) 
Employees means: 
(1) 
any full-time or part-time person employed by Myer regardless of 
seniority or geographical location; 
(2) 
temporary employees, contractors or secondees working at Myer for 
three months or more; and 
(3) 
any other person determined by the Chief General Counsel of Myer to 
be an Employee for the purposes of this Policy. 
(g) 
KMP means those people falling with the description set out in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (e) inclusive in section 4.1. 
(h) 
Myer means the Myer corporate group which includes Myer Holdings Limited 
and each related entity of Myer Holdings Limited. 
(i) 
Procure includes inciting, inducting or encouraging a person to Trade or not 
Trade in Securities. 
(j) 
Restricted Employee has the meaning given in section 4.1. 
(k) 
Securities includes shares, options, rights, debentures (including convertible 
notes), interests in a managed investment scheme (including an option over an 
unissued unit or other interest in the scheme, and a renounceable or un-
renounceable right to subscribe for a unit or other interest in the scheme), 
derivatives, options over an unissued share in or debenture of a company, a 
renounceable or un-renounceable right to subscribe for a share in, or debenture 
of a company, and other financial products covered by section 1042A of the 
Corporations Act.  In the case of Myer, Securities includes Myer's American 
Depositary Receipts which are able to be traded in the US through a Sponsored 
Level 1 American Depositary Receipt program. 
(l) 
Trade means to Deal with Securities or to Procure another person to Deal with 
Securities, and Trading has a corresponding meaning. 
(m) 
Trading Window means those periods set out in section 4.2. 
For personal use only
