 
National Australia Bank Limited ABN 12 004 044 937 AFSL and Australian Credit Licence 230686 
 
 
395 Bourke Street 
Melbourne VIC 3000 
AUSTRALIA 
 
www.nab.com.au 
 
 
 
 
Friday, 5 November 2021 
 
 
 
ASX Announcement 
 
 
 
Revised Securities Trading Policy 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, National Australia Bank Limited (NAB) attaches a copy 
of its revised Securities Trading Policy.  A copy of the Securities Trading Policy is available on the 
corporate governance section of NAB’s website www.nab.com.au 
 
This announcement was authorised for release by the Group Company Secretary. 
 
 
 
For further information, please contact: 
Louise Thomson 
Group Company Secretary 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NATIONAL AUSTRALIA BANK LIMITED 
GROUP SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Group Securities Trading Policy 
 
2 
1. Purpose and Scope 
1.1 
This document sets out NAB’s policy regarding NAB People engaging in: 
(a) trading in Group Securities; or 
(b) insider trading. 
1.2 
The objective of this Policy is to ensure that NAB and its representatives not only 
comply with the law, but are beyond reproach in their dealings in the Securities and 
Inside Information of the Group and other entities with which NAB deals.  The 
requirements of this Policy are separate from, and may apply in addition to, the 
laws and regulations in relation to insider trading. Each jurisdiction in which Group 
operates may have specific legal requirements.  For the avoidance of doubt, NAB 
People must always comply with all jurisdictional legal requirements when Trading 
or Procuring a Trade in Group Securities and other Securities covered by this Policy, 
and if particular jurisdictional requirements or contractual obligations impose a 
higher standard than is described in this Policy, NAB People must comply with the 
higher standard. 
1.3 
Every NAB Person has an individual responsibility to ensure that they comply with 
the law relating to insider trading and this Policy.  This Policy applies to each NAB 
Person in both their personal capacity (i.e. when they are acting for themselves) 
and in their capacity as a NAB Person (i.e. when they are acting for or on behalf of a 
Group entity).  
1.4 
This Policy also extends (in certain respects) to the Immediate Family Members of 
NAB People, and to companies, trusts and entities controlled by them.  NAB People 
must take all reasonable steps to ensure that those people, companies, trusts and 
entities comply with this Policy.   
1.5 
NAB expects all NAB People to understand and comply with the law relating to 
insider trading.  The law and this Policy prohibits insider trading. 
1.6 
NAB and NAB People must be beyond reproach when dealing in the Securities and 
Inside Information of the Group and other entities with which NAB has business 
interactions.  This includes being open and honest when notifying NAB of relevant 
transactions, and showing prudence when dealing with Inside Information. 
1.7 
NAB People are personally responsible for their trading decisions. The fact that an 
individual NAB Person has complied with the Policy (including, for example, by 
submitting and having a Compliance Certificate accepted by NAB in accordance 
with the Policy or having an exemption from this Policy approved by NAB) does not 
impose any responsibility on NAB for the decisions of the NAB Person.   
1.8 
Guidance on the application of this Policy is set out in the Group Securities Trading 
Policy Guidance Note.  Further guidance can also be obtained from Corporate 
Advisory Legal, the Group Executive, Legal & Commercial Services or the Group 
Company Secretary. 
1.9 
Unless otherwise indicated, all defined terms used in this Policy have the meaning 
given in the Glossary. 
 
For personal use only

Group Securities Trading Policy 
 
3 
2. Roles and Responsibilities  
Function 
Roles & Internal Allocation of Responsibilities 
Approval 
Authority  
Approve this Policy and any changes  
Policy 
Owner 
Communicate the requirements of this Policy, and any changes, to 
all NAB People 
Implement controls to enable compliance with this Policy. 
Monitor and review compliance 
Ensure this Policy meets regulatory requirements across 
applicable jurisdictions 
Review and update this Policy as required 
Analyse events to identify trends and systemic risks 
Business 
Units and 
Enabling 
Units 
Ensure all NAB People within their Business Unit or Enabling Unit 
(as applicable) are made aware of this Policy 
Implement this Policy into, and monitor compliance within, their 
Business Unit or Enabling Unit (as applicable) 
Deliver appropriate training, education and communication  
Report and escalate any breaches or matters requiring disclosure. 
Follow up and monitor progress of corrective actions and 
regulatory reporting obligations 
3. Policy Requirements  
3.1 
Prohibition Against Insider Trading 
General Prohibition  
3.1.1 A NAB Person who possesses Inside Information in relation to the Securities 
of the Group or any other entity must not do any of the following things: 
(a) apply for, acquire or dispose of those Securities or agree to do so, either 
on their own behalf or on behalf of someone else (Trade); 
(b) procure, encourage, incite or induce any other person to Trade (Procure 
a Trade); or 
(c) directly or indirectly communicate the Inside Information, or cause the 
Inside Information to be communicated, to any other person who would 
be likely to Trade or Procure a Trade. 
3.1.2 Doing these things is not only a breach of this Policy, but also a breach of 
the prohibition against insider trading in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
(Corporations Act). 
Relevant Definitions 
3.1.3 Inside Information is information that is: 
(a) not Generally Available; and 
(b) if it were Generally Available, a reasonable person would expect it to 
have a Material Effect on the price or value of the relevant Securities. 
3.1.4 Information is Generally Available if: 
For personal use only

Group Securities Trading Policy 
 
4 
• 
it consists of readily observable matter; 
• 
it has been made known in a manner likely to bring the information to 
the attention of people who commonly invest in Securities of a kind 
whose price or value might be affected by the information, and, since it 
was made known, a reasonable period for it to be disseminated among 
such persons has elapsed (for example where the information has been 
brought to the attention of investors by an ASX announcement and a 
period of at least 24 hours has elapsed since that announcement); 
• 
it is derived from information which has been made public; or 
• 
it consists of observations, deductions, conclusions or inferences made 
or drawn from other Generally Available information. 
3.1.5 A reasonable person would expect information to have a Material Effect on 
the price or value of the relevant Securities if the information would, or 
would be likely to, influence persons who commonly acquire Securities in 
deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of Securities. 
Examples of information that might have a Material Effect on price or value 
include information relating to: 
• 
financial performance (including the reaching or failure to reach 
consensus or stated forecast earnings targets); 
• 
a major acquisition or sale of assets; 
• 
an actual or proposed takeover or merger; 
• 
an actual or proposed change to capital structure; 
• 
entering into or terminating a material contract; or 
• 
a material claim or other unexpected liability. 
More examples of what information might be price sensitive, and therefore 
Inside Information, are provided in the Group Disclosure & External 
Communications Policy Guidance Notes. 
Trading in Securities of Other Entities 
3.1.6 The prohibited conduct under the Corporations Act includes Trading not  
only in Securities of the Group but also the Securities of other entities 
(including NAB’s customers, contractors, suppliers or business partners) with 
whom the Group may be dealing, where a NAB Person possesses Inside 
Information in relation to that entity. 
Some examples of where a NAB Person may have Inside Information about a 
non-Group entity include: 
• 
where another company with whom the Group is dealing provides 
Inside Information about itself or a third party to a NAB Person; or 
• 
where a NAB Person has information concerning the Group or actions 
which may be taken by the Group (for example, a planned transaction, 
strategic change or new supplier arrangement) which could have a 
Material Effect on the price or value of Securities of a third party 
company. 
3.1.7 A NAB Person must not Trade in Securities of an entity whilst in possession 
of Inside Information in respect of those Securities. 
3.1.8 Even if a NAB Person does not possess Inside Information relating to the 
Securities of a non-Group entity, in certain circumstances, the NAB Person 
may still need to obtain prior approval under the NAB Conflicts Of Interest - 
For personal use only

Group Securities Trading Policy 
 
5 
Standard Operating Procedures in order to Trade, or Procure a Trade, in the 
Securities of that entity.  Whether pre-approval is required will depend upon 
the position held by the NAB Person.  For further details, please see the 
“personal account dealing” section of the Conflicts Of Interest Standard 
Operating Procedures. 
3.2 
Prohibition against Short-term or Speculative Trading 
3.2.1 A NAB Person must not deal in Group Securities for short-term gain. 
3.2.2 Speculating in short-term fluctuations in Group Securities does not promote 
shareholder and market confidence in the integrity of NAB or NAB People.  
For this reason: 
• 
a NAB Person must not enter into any arrangements for short selling or 
stock lending in relation to Group Securities; and 
• 
any acquisition of Group Securities by a NAB Person triggers a 30 day 
period where that type of Group Securities cannot be sold. 
3.2.3 The prohibition in this clause 3.2 does not restrict the vesting or exercise of 
NAB performance rights, and the sale of underlying Group Securities to 
which the NAB Person has become entitled within the 30 day period.  This 
also does not restrict the sale of Group Securities following expiry of the 30 
day restriction period.  However, it does restrict the sale of the Group 
Securities during a 30 day period after Group Securities have been 
purchased.  
3.3 
Prohibition against Trading During Black-out Periods 
3.3.1 In addition to the general prohibition against insider trading set out in 
section 3.1, there are certain times during the year that, given proximity to 
the release of the Group’s financial results, no NAB Person should Trade in 
Group Securities.    
Black-out Period for all NAB People 
3.3.2 For all NAB People, the bi-annual Black-out Periods are: 
• 
from 12.01a.m. AEDT on March 16 to 10.00a.m AEST on the ASX trading 
day after the day on which NAB's half-year results are released to the 
ASX; and 
• 
from 12.01a.m. AEST on September 16 to 10.00a.m AEST on the ASX 
trading day after the day on which NAB's full-year results are released. 
3.3.3 All NAB People, their Immediate Family Members, and companies, trusts and 
entities controlled by NAB People and their Immediate Family Members, 
must not Trade in Group Securities during these Black-out Periods. 
3.3.4 It is the individual NAB Person’s responsibility to ensure applicable 
requirements of this Policy are complied with by their Immediate Family 
Members and associated entities. 
3.3.5 In addition, NAB may impose ad hoc restrictions on the Trading of Group 
Securities from time to time when there is a heightened risk of NAB People 
having Inside Information (for example, as a result of a planned transaction, 
strategic change or new supplier arrangement). Any such ad hoc restrictions 
could be imposed on all NAB People or individually identified employees, 
depending on the nature of the matter. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Group Securities Trading Policy 
 
6 
Effect on share and performance rights plans  
3.3.6 The Black-out Periods do not restrict participation in Group share and 
performance rights plans but do apply in respect of any subsequent Trading 
in Group Securities to which NAB People become entitled under those plans. 
3.3.7 Performance rights must only be exercised outside the Black-out Periods. 
3.4 
Compliance Certificates 
When a Compliance Certificate is Required 
3.4.1 Directors and Designated NAB Employees must complete a Compliance 
Certificate before they: 
• 
Trade in Group Securities; 
• 
elect to participate in, or vary or withdraw their participation in, the 
Dividend Reinvestment Plan or NAB’s Share Purchase Plans (see further 
details in section 3.4.5); or 
• 
enter into Derivative transactions involving Group Securities (see further 
details in section 3.5). 
3.4.2 In addition, Directors and Executive Leadership Team members (but not 
other Designated NAB Employees) must submit a Compliance Certificate 
before they enter into a Margin Loan or agree to provide additional Group 
Securities as security for an existing Margin Loan. 
3.4.3 Directors and Designated NAB Employees must also submit a Compliance 
Certificate if they are aware that an Immediate Family Member, or a 
company, trust or entity controlled by the Director or the Designated NAB 
Employee, proposes to Trade in Group Securities.  They must take all 
reasonable steps to prevent the Trade occurring unless the Compliance 
Certificate has been acknowledged by NAB.   
3.4.4 For the avoidance of doubt, NAB People are not required to complete 
Compliance Certificates for non-Group Securities. However, as referred to in 
section 3.1.8, in certain circumstances NAB People may still require pre-
approval under the Conflicts Of Interest Standard Operating Procedures in 
order to Trade, or Procure a Trade, in non-Group Securities. 
Directors’ Elections 
3.4.5 Directors must give a standing election with respect to the extent, if any, of 
their participation in NAB’s Share Purchase Plans.  The election should only 
be given while a Director does not possess any NAB Inside Information.  
Directors should not vary any such election while in possession of NAB Inside 
Information. 
How to Submit a Compliance Certificate 
3.4.6 The form of Compliance Certificate is available from the Forms Catalogue & 
Group Policy Central pages on NAB’s intranet, from Computershare or from 
Group Governance.  The Compliance Certificate is a confirmation from that 
person that he or she does not possess any Inside Information.  
3.4.7 All Compliance Certificates should be submitted to the following individuals: 
Person Trading 
Submit Compliance Certificate to: 
Designated NAB 
Employee 
Direct manager for acknowledgement, then the 
Group Company Secretary or delegate 
Director (including 
the Group Chief 
Chair for acknowledgement, then the Group 
For personal use only

Group Securities Trading Policy 
 
7 
Executive Officer) 
Company Secretary or delegate 
Chair 
Group Company Secretary or delegate 
 
3.4.8 Acknowledgment of the Compliance Certificate by NAB is intended as a 
compliance monitoring function only, and is not an endorsement of the 
proposed transaction.  Individuals remain responsible for their own 
investment decisions and their compliance with the law.  If required, 
Designated NAB Employees who have not received an acknowledgement of 
their Compliance Certificate are solely responsible for following up with 
their direct manager for acknowledgment (or appropriately escalating the 
matter to the Group Company Secretary).  
Time Limit for Trading 
3.4.9 If a Trade is to occur, the Trade must occur within 5 business days of NAB’s 
acknowledgement of the Compliance Certificate. 
Exemptions 
3.4.10 The Group Executive, Legal & Commercial Services or delegate may grant an 
exemption to the requirement to submit a Compliance Certificate in 
appropriate circumstances, including where a NAB Person wishes to acquire 
Group Securities under a pro-rata issue.  Any exemption granted under this 
section will not affect the application of the remainder of this Policy to the 
relevant NAB Person or Trade, or the NAB Person’s individual responsibility 
to comply with the law.  
Related notification obligations 
3.4.11 In addition to the compliance certification requirement set out above, 
Directors and NAB have an obligation at law to notify the market of any 
Trading in relation to their Notifiable Interests in NAB.  To enable NAB, as 
agent for the Director, to notify the ASX (in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 
3.19A) and other relevant exchanges, Directors must notify the Group 
Company Secretary immediately (and in any event not more than 1 business 
day after a Trade occurs) of sufficient details of any Trading in relation to 
their Notifiable Interests in NAB (e.g. upon the Director entering into an 
agreement to acquire Group Securities). 
3.4.12 Executive Leadership Team members and directors and executives of certain 
Group subsidiaries may also have notification requirements in other 
jurisdictions for Trading involving Group Securities.  Details of any such 
requirements will be communicated to the relevant individuals. 
3.4.13 In certain circumstances (set out in the Group Disclosure and External 
Communications Policy) Directors and members of the Executive Leadership 
Team are required to inform the Group Company Secretary where a financier 
demands payment under a Margin Loan and there is a risk that the demand 
will not be able to be satisfied without the disposal of Group Securities.  That 
information will be subject to the internal disclosure decision making 
process outlined in the Group Disclosure and External Communications 
Policy.  
3.5 
Derivatives and Hedging 
Prohibition Against Derivatives Over Unvested Group Securities 
3.5.1 Group share and performance rights are granted to certain NAB People as 
part of their remuneration.  These grants are subject to the satisfaction of 
For personal use only

Group Securities Trading Policy 
 
8 
various time and/or performance hurdles to ensure alignment of employee 
rewards with Group objectives and performance.  
3.5.2 The use of Derivatives over unvested Group Securities could distort the 
proper functioning of these hurdles and reduce the intended alignment 
between management and shareholder interests. 
3.5.3 It is also against the law for members of Key Management Personnel to 
enter into Hedging Arrangements in relation to unvested elements of their 
remuneration. 
3.5.4 Accordingly, all NAB People are prohibited from using Derivatives or 
otherwise entering into Hedging Arrangements in relation to any unvested 
Group Securities. 
3.5.5 In addition, Key Management Personnel and their Closely Related Parties 
must not use Derivatives or otherwise enter into Hedging Arrangements in 
relation to elements of their remuneration that are unvested or which have 
vested but remain subject to forfeiture conditions. 
Use of Derivatives Over Vested Group Securities 
3.5.6 For the purposes of this Policy, Group Securities are considered vested once 
the NAB-imposed time and performance hurdles have been satisfied, 
irrespective of whether a NAB Person has opted for a longer period of 
restriction in addition to the NAB-imposed time and/or performance hurdles. 
3.5.7 If the NAB-imposed time and performance hurdles applicable to Group 
Securities have been satisfied in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
employee plan, then the appropriate use of Derivatives can encourage 
longer term holding of Group Securities by NAB People.  Accordingly, once 
Group Securities have vested (as described above), Derivatives may be used 
by NAB People in relation to those vested securities in the following 
circumstances: 
• 
to protect the value of an asset supporting a loan taken out for the 
exercise price of options granted by NAB; 
• 
to protect the value of the Group Security where the employee has paid 
or is required to pay a tax liability at the tax cessation time; or 
• 
on a case-by-case basis with approval from either the Chair in relation to 
Directors, the Group Company Secretary in relation to the Chair or the 
Group Chief Executive Officer or delegate in relation to Executive 
Leadership Team members and all other NAB People. 
3.5.8 Further, any use of Derivatives over vested Group Securities by NAB People 
must meet each of the following criteria:  
• 
the Derivative must have a maturity date that falls within the eight-week 
period that immediately follows the date on which either NAB’s half-
year or full-year financial results are released to the ASX; and 
• 
neither NAB nor any member of the Group can be a counterparty to the 
Derivative. 
3.5.9 The use of Derivatives over vested Group Securities by Directors and 
Designated NAB Employees, like any other Trading in Group Securities, must 
comply with the law and with the Compliance Certificate process described 
in section 3.4 above. 
 
 
For personal use only

Group Securities Trading Policy 
 
9 
Disclosure 
3.5.10 NAB will publicly disclose all Derivative positions over Group Securities taken 
out by a Director or by Key Management Personnel of the Group.  Disclosure 
must be made within any relevant prescribed period after the time of the 
Director or Key Management Personnel entering the transaction, and in 
NAB’s Annual Financial Report following the transaction. 
3.5.11 These disclosures must be made irrespective of whether or not the particular 
form of Derivative technically falls within the disclosure requirements of the 
ASX Listing Rules or the Corporations Act.  
4. Policy Exemptions 
4.1 In Exceptional Circumstances, and subject always to compliance with the law, written 
exemptions from the operation of this Policy may be granted.  
4.2 The Board delegates the approval of exemptions under section 4.1 to the following: 
• 
Chair of the Board of Directors of NAB; 
• 
Group CEO or delegate; 
• 
Group CFO or delegate; 
• 
Group Executive, Legal & Commercial Services or delegate; or 
• 
Group Company Secretary or delegate. 
4.3 Exemption requests must be submitted to one of the delegates listed above and will 
be granted at their discretion. Refer to the Exemptions Procedure Guide for further 
detail. 
4.4 If there is an inconsistency between regional legislative requirements and this Policy, 
the regional requirements will take precedence unless the Policy places a higher 
requirement. In this case, the Policy will apply unless it results in a breach of local 
legislation.  
An exemption from the operation of this Policy is valid for 5 business days from the date 
it is given and is subject to both the NAB Person complying with section 3.4 of this Policy 
(i.e. the obligation to submit a Compliance Certificate) and the NAB Person’s individual 
responsibility to comply with the law.  An exemption must be in writing and may be 
given via email. 
5. Policy Exceptions 
5.1 There are no exceptions to the Policy. 
6. Policy Breaches 
6.1 A breach of the law relating to insider trading can have serious consequences, 
including individual criminal and civil liability.  A breach of this Policy will be treated 
by NAB as serious misconduct, and may lead to disciplinary action, including 
termination of employment with NAB.  
6.2 Breaches of this Policy (i.e. non-compliance that is not managed via the formal 
exemption process) must be managed in accordance with the Employee Conduct 
Management Policy and recorded per the Events Management Standard Operating 
Procedures or regional equivalents.  
For personal use only

Group Securities Trading Policy 
 
10 
6.3 All Policy breaches must be communicated immediately to divisional / regional 
Group Chief Risk Officer Teams. Any material or systemic breach of this Policy must 
be communicated to the policy owner and appropriate remediation measures agreed 
and implemented. 
7. Related Documents  
Group Securities Trading Policy Guidance Note 
Securities Trading Compliance Certificate – Director 
Securities Trading Compliance Certificate – Designated NAB Employee 
Group Disclosure & External Communications Policy 
Group Disclosure & External Communications Policy Guidance Notes 
Conflicts Of Interest Policy - Standard Operating Procedures 
Code of Conduct   
For personal use only

Group Securities Trading Policy 
 
11 
Glossary 
Term 
Definition  
AEDT 
Australian Eastern Daylight Time 
AEST 
Australian Eastern Standard Time 
ASX 
Australian Securities Exchange 
Black-out Period 
Has the meaning given in section 3.3 
BNZ 
Bank of New Zealand  
Business Unit or 
Enabling Unit  
For the purposes of this Policy, Business Unit or Enabling Unit 
incorporates all of the various naming conventions in place across the 
Group.  
Closely Related 
Party 
Has the meaning given in section 9 of the Corporations Act  
Corporations Act 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
Derivatives 
Has the meaning given in s761D of the Corporations Act and includes 
options, forward contracts, futures, warrants, swaps, caps and collars 
Designated NAB 
Employees  
The Designated NAB Employees are: 
• Office of the Group Chief Executive Officer; 
• Executive Leadership Team members and their direct reports; 
• Directors of BNZ; 
• Members of the executive leadership team of BNZ; 
• Company Secretaries/General Counsels of BNZ; 
• EGM Audit and direct reports; 
• Members of the Disclosure Committee; 
• all NAB People employed or engaged in capital, funding or balance 
sheet management within Group Treasury; 
• all NAB People employed or engaged in the following business 
units: 
o Group Investor Relations 
o Corporate Affairs (external communications only) 
o Group Development 
o Corporate Advisory Legal 
o Capital & Funding Legal 
o Group Governance   
• NAB People employed or engaged in Group Finance who are likely 
to have access to material price-sensitive information and who are 
notified of such designation by the Group Company Secretary; 
• NAB People employed or engaged in Enterprise Data & Analytics 
who are likely to have access to material price-sensitive 
information and who are notified of such designation by the Group 
Company Secretary; 
• NAB People employed or engaged in Group Economics who have 
access to Monthly Business Survey Data prior to publication and 
who are notified of such designation by the Group Company 
Secretary; and 
 
For personal use only

Group Securities Trading Policy 
 
12 
• any other NAB Person or NAB People designated by the Group 
Company Secretary in writing from time to time for the purposes of 
this Policy. Where additional NAB people are designated as 
Designated NAB Employees, they will be notified by the Group 
Company Secretary.  
Director 
A director of National Australia Bank Limited 
Divisions 
All references to Division relate to Divisions, Divisional Areas, Business 
Line, Region or Legal Entity (NAB Ltd, or BNZ) unless otherwise stated. 
Exceptional 
Circumstances 
(a) severe financial hardship such as a pressing financial commitment 
that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling the relevant 
Securities; or 
(b) a court order, court enforceable undertaking, or other legal or 
regulatory requirement requiring a sale of Securities. 
Executive 
Leadership Team 
The senior executives of NAB who report directly to the Group Chief 
Executive Officer. 
Generally 
Available 
Has the meaning given in section 3.1.4 
Group 
NAB and its controlled entities 
Group Security 
Any Security issued by a member of the NAB Group, including NAB 
ordinary shares, subordinated notes, convertible preference shares 
and capital notes.  
Hedging 
Arrangement 
An arrangement that would have the effect of limiting exposure to 
risk and includes, but is not limited to, arrangements referred to in 
Corporations Regulation 2D.7.01(1). Arrangements referred to in 
Corporations Regulation 2D.7.01(2) are excluded. 
Immediate Family 
Member 
A family member of a NAB Person who may be expected to influence, 
or be influenced by, the NAB Person in his or her dealings with 
Securities.  Immediate Family Member may include: 
(a) the NAB Person’s partner and children; 
(b) children of the NAB Person’s partner; and 
(c) dependants of the NAB Person or the NAB Person’s partner. 
Inside Information 
Has the meaning given in section 3.1.3 
Key Management 
Personnel 
Has the meaning given in the applicable Australian Accounting 
Standards.  At the current time, this is interpreted to include Directors 
and the Executive Leadership Team. 
Margin Loan 
A loan arrangement whereby NAB Securities are mortgaged, provided 
as security, lent, or charged to a financier. 
Material Effect 
Has the meaning given in section 3.1.5 
May 
Means the action is discretionary.  
Must  
Means an action is an absolute requirement and any deviation from 
this will require a formal policy exemption.  
Must not 
Means an action is explicitly prohibited and any deviation from this 
will require a formal policy exemption.  
NAB 
National Australia Bank Limited 
NAB Person 
Each director, officer, employee, secondee and contract-hire of NAB or 
of a member of NAB Group and NAB People has a corresponding 
For personal use only

Group Securities Trading Policy 
 
13 
meaning 
Notifiable Interest 
Has the meaning given in rule 19.12 of the ASX Listing Rules (this 
definition is equivalent to section 205G(1) of the Corporations Act)  
Procure a Trade 
Has the meaning given in section 3.1.1(b) 
Securities 
Include shares, options, rights, debentures, interests in a managed 
investment scheme, Derivatives and other financial products covered 
by s1042A of the Corporations Act  
Should 
Means that in particular circumstances, valid reasons may exist to 
deviate from a requirement, but the full implications need to be 
understood and carefully weighed before choosing such a course of 
action. 
Should not 
Means in particular circumstances, valid reasons may exist where the 
discouraged action is acceptable or even useful, but the full 
implications should be understood and the case carefully weighed 
before choosing such a course of action. 
Trade 
Has the meaning given in section 3.1.1(a) 
 
For personal use only
