NICK SCALI LIMITED  
 
A.B.N: 82 000 403 896 
 
Level 7, Triniti 2, 39 Delhi Road  
North Ryde 2113 NSW 
AUSTRALIA 
 
TEL: +61 2 9748 4000 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                         
 
 
 
29 May 2026 
 
Updated Securities Trading Policy 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, Nick Scali Limited (the “Company”) provides an updated 
Securities Trading Policy, effective immediately. 
 
A copy of the Securities Trading Policy has been attached to this ASX announcement and is also 
available on the Company’s website 
 
 
For further information please contact:  
 
Anthony Scali 
Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer  
 
Keith Toms 
Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary 
 
Authorised by the Board of Nick Scali Limited. 
For personal use only

Nick Scali Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
Page 1 of 4 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
What is this Policy about? 
This policy provides guidance to Directors and employees on the purchase and 
sale of securities of Nick Scali Limited: 
• 
in order to avoid breaches of the Australian Corporations Act; and 
• 
to ensure dealings by Directors and employees in Nick Scali Limited securities 
are fair, and are seen to be fair. 
Employees requiring further information or guidance should contact their manager 
or Company Secretary. 
 
What is insider trading? 
In accordance with the provisions of the Corporations Law, no employee or other person 
can trade in the securities of Nick Scali Limited while in possession of ‘inside 
information’, either directly or through another person.  
Directors and employees should never communicate inside information to any other 
person. Inside information is information which a person knows, or reasonably ought 
to know: 
• 
is not generally available; and 
• 
might have a material effect on the price of Nick Scali Limited’s securities if 
it was generally available. 
Each Director and all employees are personally responsible to comply with this policy and the 
law. Directors and employees are prohibited by law from dealing in any securities if they are in 
possession of inside information – irrespective of whether they are otherwise compliant with 
this policy. 
If any person does not understand any part of this Policy or their obligations under the 
law or how it applies to them, they should raise this with the Company Secretary before 
dealing with any securities of Nick Scali Limited.  
 
Consequences of breaches of this policy 
Insider trading is a criminal offence, attracting potential fines and imprisonment. 
Civil penalties and compensation may also be ordered against a person engaging in 
insider trading. 
In addition to the consequences applicable under law, Nick Scali Limited employees 
who fail to adhere to the requirements of this Policy face disciplinary action, 
including dismissal or termination of employment in serious cases. 
For personal use only

Nick Scali Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
Page 2 of 4 
 
 
 
Additional Requirements for Directors and Officers 
 
Who are Directors and Officers? 
For the purposes of this policy an Officer is an employee who reports to the 
Managing Director, Director or any other employee so designated by the Managing 
Director. 
 
What are Connected Entities? 
A Connected Entity of a Director or Officer in relation to Nick Scali Limited securities is 
any trust, company or other entity that the Director or Officer controls. 
This means that each Director or Officer must take all reasonable steps to ensure that 
their Connected Entity complies with this Policy in relation to Nick Scali Limited 
Securities. 
An exemption may apply where a trust is a Connected Entity because a Director or 
Officer acts as a trustee, the trust may deal in Securities if: 
• 
the Director or Officer is not a beneficiary of the trust; 
• 
the decision to deal in the relevant Securities is taken without 
reference to, independently of, the Director or Officer; and 
• 
the Director or Officer is not the sole trustee. 
 
Blackout Periods 
Blackout Periods are times when Directors and Officers and all other employees must 
not deal in the Company’s securities. 
Subject at all times to not being in possession of inside information, Directors, 
Officers and Connected Entities may not deal in Nick Scali Limited securities during 
the following mandated Blackout Periods: 
 
i. 
from the open of trading on the ASX on 1 November each year, until 10:00am (Sydney 
time) on the second business day following the day on which the Company’s half year 
financial results are released to the ASX; 
 
ii. from the open of trading on the ASX on 1 May each year, until 10:00am (Sydney time) 
on the second business day following the day on which the Company’s full year 
financial results are released to the ASX; 
 
iii. from the close of trading on the ASX on the day falling two weeks prior to the date of 
the Company’s Annual General Meeting, until 10:00am (Sydney time) on the second 
business day following the date of the Annual General Meeting; and 
 
iv. any other period that the Board determines from time to time to be a Blackout Period. 
 
   If 1 May and 1 November are not ASX trading days, the Blackout Period will commence on    
   the preceding ASX trading day. 
 
  During a Blackout Period, Directors, Officers, employees and their Connected Entities must not    
  deal in any securities of the Company, except in accordance with this Policy. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Nick Scali Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
Page 3 of 4 
 
Exceptions to trade during a Blackout Period 
Approval to trade during a Blackout Period will only be granted in exceptional 
personal circumstances, upon prior notice to and written or emailed approval from: 
• 
in the case of Directors, the Chairman; 
• 
in the case of the Chairman, the Deputy Chairman; 
• 
in the case of the Deputy Chairman, the Chairman of the Audit & Risk 
Committee; and 
• 
in the case of Officers, the Managing Director. 
Unless specifically advised to the contrary, Directors and Officers may acquire or sell 
shares during a Blackout Period through a general offer to all shareholders, such as a 
Dividend Reinvestment Plan, a Share Purchase Plan, or a general buy-back offer. 
Additionally, the Blackout Periods do not apply in relation to dealings which have no 
change to the beneficial interest in Nick Scali Limited’s securities. 
Any Director or Officer or employee wishing to trade in Nick Scali Limited’s securities 
during a Blackout Period must submit a request in writing to the Company Secretary 
together with a signed declaration by the relevant person that they do not possess 
any inside information and they will not trade should they come in possession of 
inside information after approval is granted. Approval may be granted in 
circumstances in which the relevant person is in severe financial hardship or other 
circumstances deemed by the Chairman to be exceptional. Approval must be 
provided in writing (including by way of email). Approval, if granted, will be valid for a 
period of 7 days. 
 
Employee Share Schemes / Options Grants / etc. 
Employees who have or may receive options, rights or similar instruments over Nick 
Scali Limited’s securities are exempt from Blackout Period restrictions in respect to 
receiving those options, rights or similar instruments. Though the Company will 
typically endeavour to avoid operating such schemes during Blackout Periods. 
However, those employees may not enter into transactions in associated products 
without the prior approval of the Board during a Blackout Period. 
 
Other restrictions 
Nick Scali Directors, Officers and employees must not enter into a transaction that is 
designated or intended to hedge that employee’s exposure to the Nick Scali security that is 
subject to retention arrangements or an unvested Nick Scali option. Officers and Connected 
Entities must not engage in short-term or speculative trading in Nick Scali securities. Officers 
and Connected Entities must not grant a security interest over Nick Scali securities they own, 
including any margin loan without first receiving the written consent of the Chairman. 
 
What notifications do I need to give? 
Directors and Officers are encouraged to give prior notification to the Company Secretary 
of any proposed dealing in Nick Scali Limited’s securities. Directors and Officers are to 
advise the Company Secretary as soon as possible after a trade has occurred. 
Directors’ notice must be given in sufficient time so that the Company Secretary can 
advise, on their behalf, the Australian Stock Exchange within the required five 
business days. The Company Secretary must confirm to the Directors that this has 
occurred. 
For personal use only

Nick Scali Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
Page 4 of 4 
 
General 
This policy will be made available on the Nick Scali website. 
All Directors and employees are provided with training or briefing on this Policy and insider 
trading laws at induction and periodically thereafter. 
Any material breaches of this Policy will be reported by the Company Secretary to the Board 
or the Audit & Risk Committee. 
This Policy will be reviewed annually by the Board or Company Secretary to ensure it remains 
consistent with ASX requirements and best practice. 
Reviewed and Adopted by the Board on 28 May 2026 
For personal use only
