Neuren (NEU) – ASX Announcement 
1 November 2024 
Updated Share Trading Policy 
The attached Share Trading Policy has been updated due to the removal by ASX of the requirement 
for Neuren to submit quarterly cash ﬂow and activity reports.  This followed Neuren’s transition to 
sustained positive cash ﬂow. 
The deﬁned prohibited period under the Share Trading Policy was previously from 1 January each 
year until release by the ASX of Neuren’s quarterly cash ﬂow report for the period ended 31 
December.  As this is no longer applicable, the deﬁned prohibited period has been updated to be 
from 1 January each year until release by the ASX of Neuren’s Appendix 4E Preliminary ﬁnal report 
for the period ended 31 December. 
About Neuren 
Neuren is developing new drug therapies to treat multiple serious neurological disorders that 
emerge in early childhood and have no or limited approved treatment options.  Recognising the 
urgent unmet need, all programs have been granted “orphan drug” designation in the United States. 
Orphan drug designation provides incentives to encourage development of therapies for rare and 
serious diseases. 
DAYBUE™ (troﬁnetide) is approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment 
of Rett syndrome in adult and pediatric patients two years of age and older.  Neuren has granted an 
exclusive worldwide licence to Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc. for the development and 
commercialisation of troﬁnetide. 
Neuren’s second drug candidate, NNZ-2591, is in Phase 2 development for multiple 
neurodevelopmental disorders, with positive results achieved in Phase 2 clinical trials in Phelan-
McDermid syndrome, Pitt Hopkins syndrome and Angelman syndrome. 
Contact: 
investorrelations@neurenpharma.com 
Jon Pilcher, CEO: +61 438 422 271 
ASX Listing Rules information 
This announcement was authorized to be given to the ASX by the board of directors of Neuren 
Pharmaceuticals Limited, Suite 201, 697 Burke Road, Camberwell, VIC 3124 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NEUREN PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
 
 
SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 November 2024
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
 
 
 
1. 
OBJECTIVES AND PURPOSES 
 
1.1 
Objectives 
Neuren Pharmaceuticals Limited (“the Company”) is listed on the Australian Stock Exchange 
(“ASX”). Directors and employees of the Company are encouraged to be shareholders of the 
Company.  Trading of the Company’s shares is governed by, amongst other things, the 
Corporations Act 2001 (“Corporations Act”) and the ASX Listing Rules. 
 
The provisions regulating the trading of shares on the ASX are intended to ensure that the 
stock market is kept fully informed of relevant information for all listed companies in order 
that all investors are able to make informed investment decisions when acquiring or 
disposing of shares. 
 
The provisions also provide that people in possession of "inside information" must not use 
the information to trade in the relevant shares or to communicate that information to others. 
 
It is therefore important that director and employee shareholders exercise due care in the 
timing of any dealings in the Company’s shares, and ensure that at all times they comply with 
the law in connection with trading in the Company shares. 
 
1.2 
Purposes 
This document sets out the Company policy on dealings in the Company’s shares by the 
directors and employees. The purpose of this policy is: 
 
(a) 
to assist directors and employees avoid conduct known as "insider trading"; 
 
(b) 
to protect the Company against potentially damaging adverse inferences being drawn 
that its senior officers and personnel may have engaged in unlawful activity, or acted 
for their personal benefit using information not available to the public; 
 
(c) 
to enable the Company to comply with its obligations under securities legislation and 
ASX Listing Rules 
 
 
2. 
INSIDER TRADING 
 
2.1 
What is “Insider Trading”? 
The Corporations Act contains three distinct, but related, offences of insider trading. The 
offences prevent a person in possession of “inside information” from the following actions: 
 
(a) 
trading in the relevant shares; 
 
(b) 
procuring another person to trade in the relevant shares; or 
 
(c) 
communicating the inside information to another person who is likely to trade in the 
shares or procure someone else to trade. 
 
2.2 
What is “Inside Information”? 
Inside information is regarded as being information: 
For personal use only

3 
 
 
(a) 
that a person possesses which is not generally available and which the person knows 
or reasonably ought to know is not generally available; and 
 
(b) 
if generally available, a reasonable person would expect that the information might 
have a material effect on the price or value of the shares. 
 
 
Inside information could relate to actions of the Company or external parties.  
 
The prohibitions do not simply relate to shares, but relate to all other forms of securities, 
including options, debentures, and units. The prohibitions apply directly to employees of the 
Company. 
 
2.3 
Penalties 
Criminal penalties for breaches of the prohibitions on insider trading are severe and include 
substantial fines or imprisonment for up to five years. Civil liability also attaches to breaches 
of the relevant provisions. 
 
 
3. 
COMPANY POLICY – DESIGNATED PERSONS 
 
3.1 
Designated Persons 
This Policy applies to the following persons: 
 
(a) 
directors and Company Secretary; 
 
(b) 
employees; 
 
(c) 
any other person who is notified that they are subject to this policy by the 
Chairperson or the Company Secretary; 
 
(d) 
in relation to any person in (a) to (c) above, any of the following “Connected Persons”: 
 
(i) 
their spouse; 
 
(ii) 
any of their children (including step-children) less than 18 years old; 
 
(iii) 
their nominee, including an investment manager managing funds on their 
behalf (subject to paragraph 3.5 below); and 
 
(e) 
in relation to any person in (a) to (c) above: 
 
(i) 
a trust of which they, or their Connected Persons, are the trustee or 
beneficiary; 
 
(ii) 
a person in partnership with them or their Connected Persons (acting 
in his or her capacity as such); 
 
(iii) 
a company which they or their Connected Persons control. 
 
These persons in paragraphs (a) to (e) are referred to in this policy as “Designated Persons”. 
 
 
3.2 
General Rules 
Designated Persons must not deal in the securities of the Company when they are in 
possession of price sensitive information relating to the Company which has not been made 
public. 
 
Designated Persons will not be given clearance to deal in securities of the Company under 
this policy where price sensitive, non-public information exists in relation to a matter, even 
though they may not be aware of it. 
 
For personal use only

4 
 
Designated Persons must not engage in “Tipping” (see below) others with respect to the 
Company’s securities at any time. 
 
 
3.3 
Derivatives 
Designated Persons must not trade in the Company’s derivatives. 
 
 
3.4 
Appropriate Timing 
The only appropriate time for a Designated Person to deal in the securities of the Company 
is when there is no price sensitive information which has not been made public, whether or 
not the Designated Person is aware of that information. 
 
In addition to this general rule, Designated Persons are not permitted to deal in the 
securities of the Company in the following Prohibited Periods: 
 
(a) during the period from 1 January until the release by ASX of the Company’s 
Appendix 4E Preliminary final report for the period ended 31 December; and 
 
(b) during other periods as advised by the Company Secretary, for example, when the 
Company is embarking on a significant transaction or a significant development that has not 
yet been announced to the market. 
 
In exceptional circumstances, the Chairperson may permit a Designated Person to deal in 
the securities of the Company during the above Prohibited Periods.  The nature of the 
exceptional circumstances and the justification for the permission must be evidenced in 
writing.    
 
3.5 
Exceptions to General Rule 
This policy does not apply in the following circumstances: 
 
(a) 
dealing in a managed securities portfolio where the Designated Person is not in a 
position to influence a choice of the portfolio; 
 
(b) 
conversion of securities on exercise of rights granted under an equity incentive 
plan; 
 
(c) 
transfers of securities which result in no change in the beneficial interest in the 
securities; 
 
(d) 
transfers of securities between Connected Persons;  
 
(e) 
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme 
only investing in the securities of the Company) where the assets of the fund or other 
scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
 
(f) 
where a Designated Person is a trustee, trading in securities by that trust provided the 
Designated Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a 
prohibited period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers 
independently of the Designated Person; 
 
(g) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
 
(h) 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, such as, 
a rights issue, a share purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and 
an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of 
the offer has been approved by the board. This includes decisions relating to whether 
or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for 
the take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
For personal use only

5 
 
 
(i) 
an issue of securities to a Designated Person where shareholder approval for 
the issue has been sought and obtained in accordance with ASX listing rules. 
 
3.6 
Confidentiality Agreements with External Advisers 
It is possible that, as a result of acting for or advising the Company, external advisers to the 
Company may have access to price sensitive information affecting the securities of the 
Company. 
 
Whilst these external advisers are not covered by this policy, it is the Company’s policy to 
require such external advisers to enter into confidentiality agreements covering such price 
sensitive information. 
 
 
3.7 
Trading Approvals 
Before any Designated Person deals in securities of the Company (at any time), they must 
first obtain approval from the Chairperson.  Before the Chairperson deals in securities of 
the Company (at any time), the Chairperson must obtain approval from at least one non-
executive director. 
 
This obligation operates at all times. 
 
Designated Persons must not deal in securities of the Company (including shares issued as 
a consequence of the exercise of options) until approval has been given by the 
Chairperson, evidenced in writing. The request for approval must be in writing and include a 
statement that the Designated Person is not in possession of any material non-public 
information. If approval is given, the Designated Person may ordinarily trade within five 
business days after receiving the approval. The Designated Person will be notified if the 
clearance position changes within those five business days. A further application will need 
to be made if no dealing takes place within the five business days and the Designated 
Person still wishes to deal. 
 
Designated Persons who have been told that they cannot deal should not communicate this 
fact to others. 
 
Written notification under this policy may be by email. 
 
 
3.8 
Notification of Dealings 
Each of the directors is required to notify the Company Secretary within two business days 
after any change in their interests in securities of the Company, or the interests of any of their 
Connected Persons listed above. 
 
This enables the Company to notify the ASX of the change in the director's or Connected 
Person's interests, which must occur within 5 business days of the change. 
 
All other Designated Persons are required to notify the Company Secretary of any 
dealing in securities of the Company within five business days of effecting such a dealing. 
 
 
3.9 
Tipping 
Designated Persons with inside information must not at any time, directly or indirectly, 
communicate any insider information or cause the information to be communicated if the 
director or employee knows or ought to reasonably to know that the other person would be 
likely to apply for, acquire or dispose or enter into an agreement to acquire or dispose of the 
relevant shares or procure another person to acquire or dispose of the shares (“tipping”). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

6 
 
4. 
COMPLIANCE WITH SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
Designated Persons should be aware that they might be charged with criminal offences 
under the rules and regulations associated with the prevention of insider trading. 
Accordingly, it is the responsibility of each director and employee to ensure that they abide 
by the law. 
 
Willful failure to comply with this policy is considered grounds for termination of employment or 
service. 
 
For personal use only
