 
 
 NICKEL INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
ABN 44 127 510 589 
Level 2, 66 Hunter Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 Australia 
T +61 2 9300 3311 
F +61 2 9221 6333 
E info@nickelindustries.com 
www.nickelindustries.com 
10 July 2024  
 
ASX Limited 
20 Bridge Street  
Sydney NSW 2000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(8 pages) 
 
UPDATED SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
Nickel Industries Limited (Nickel Industries or the Company) wishes to advise of recent changes to the 
Company’s Securities Trading Policy. 
 
Under clause 6.3 of the Company’s previous Securities Trading Policy, Restricted Persons were not permitted 
to deal in the Company's Securities during any of the following blackout periods: 
 
1. the period each year from the close of trading at the end of the full financial year until 10.00am on the 
next trading day following the announcement to the ASX of the preliminary final statement or full 
year results; 
2. the period each year from the close of trading at the end of the financial half year until 10.00am on the 
next trading day following the announcement of half-yearly results; and 
3. any other period that the Company specifies from time to time.  
The Company’s Directors have resolved to amend the Securities Trading blackout period to cover the period 
between each quarter end and the date when the quarterly results are released (approximately one month) – 
meaning there would be four regular blackout periods each year.   
 
This amendment has been made on the basis that the Company’s quarterly activities report contains the 
material information relating to the Company’s operations and financial performance. The resulting blackout 
periods are now defined as:  
 
1. the period each year from the close of trading at the end of each quarter (31 March, 30 June, 30 
September and 31 December) until 10.00am on the next trading day following the announcement to 
the ASX of the quarterly results; and 
2. any other period that the Company specifies from time to time.  
Blackout period restrictions also apply to the Company, therefore the Company is restricted from any buyback 
of its own shares until the day following the release of its next quarterly activities report. 
 
 
In accordance with Listing Rule 12.10, attached is the Company’s updated Securities Trading Policy which 
can also we found on the Company’s website - www.nickelindustries.com 
 
Yours sincerely 
 
 
 
 
 
Richard Edwards 
Company Secretary 
For personal use only

 
 
2 
 
This announcement has been approved by the Company’s Managing Director. 
 
Overview of Nickel Industries:  
Nickel Industries Limited (NIC) is an ASX-listed company which owns a portfolio of mining and low-cost 
downstream nickel processing assets in Indonesia. 
The Company has a long history in Indonesia, with controlling interests in the world-class Hengjaya Mine, as 
well as four rotary kiln electric furnace (RKEF) projects which produce nickel pig iron (NPI) for the stainless-
steel industry.  
Having established itself as a globally significant producer of NPI, the Company is now rapidly transitioning 
its production to focus on the electric vehicle battery supply chain – recently, the Company has acquired a 
10% interest in the Huayue Nickel Cobalt (HNC) HPAL project, adding mixed hydroxide precipitate (MHP) 
to its product portfolio.  
Nickel Industries is now embarking on its next transformative step, investing in Excelsior Nickel Cobalt 
(ENC), a next-generation HPAL project capable of producing MHP, nickel sulphate and nickel cathode. ENC 
is expected to produce approximately 72,000 tonnes of nickel metal per annum, diversifying the Company’s 
production and reducing the Company’s carbon emissions profile – reflecting the strong commitment to 
sustainable operations.  
 
To learn more, please visit: www.nickelindustries.com/ 
 
pjn12244 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
www.nickelindustries.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
2 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Nickel Industries Limited ("Company") 
1.  
Scope 
This policy sets out the Company's policy on dealing by Directors and employees in:  
• 
Securities of the Company (the Company Securities); and 
• 
Securities of other entities. 
If you do not understand any part of this policy, the summary of the law, or how it applies to you, you 
should raise the matter with the Chair before dealing with any Securities covered by this policy.  
2. 
Purpose  
Under Australian legislation, the insider trading laws operate to prohibit people in possession of non–
public price sensitive information from dealing in Securities or passing on the information to other 
people who may deal in Securities.   
Given the restrictions imposed by law, this policy is relevant to all Directors and employees of the 
Company and their associates.  This policy also imposes additional restrictions (described below) on:  
• 
all Directors and officers of the Company including the Managing Director; 
• 
all direct reports to the Managing Director ("Senior Executives");  
• 
their associates (as defined in the Corporations Act) including, close family members and 
trusts and entities controlled by them; and  
• 
other persons identified by the Company from time to time. 
("Restricted Persons"). 
3. 
Meaning of Securities  
For the purposes of this policy Securities means shares, debentures, options to subscribe for new 
shares and options over existing shares, warrant contracts and other derivatives relating to the shares. 
4. 
Insider Trading Laws  
4.1 
Prohibition   
If you have any inside information about the Company (or another relevant entity, such as a company 
with which the Company is considering a transaction) which is not publicly known, it is a criminal 
offence for you to: 
• 
trade in the Company Securities (or Securities of the other relevant entity); 
• 
advise or procure another person to trade in the Company Securities (or Securities of the 
other relevant entity); or 
• 
pass on (directly or indirectly) inside information to someone else (including colleagues, 
family or friends) knowing (or where you should have reasonably known) that the other 
person will, or is likely to, use that information to trade in, or procure someone else to 
trade in, the Company Securities (or Securities of the other relevant entity). 
For personal use only

 
3
4.2 
Consequences of insider trading 
This offence, called "insider trading", can subject you to: 
• 
criminal liability including large fines and/or imprisonment; 
• 
a civil penalty; and 
• 
civil liability, which may include being sued for any loss suffered as a result of illegal 
trading. 
4.3 
Inside information 
"Inside information" is information that: 
• 
is not generally available; and 
• 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect 
on the price or value of Company Securities or on a decision to buy or sell Company 
Securities. 
The financial impact of the information is important, but strategic and other implications can be equally 
important in determining whether information is inside information.  The definition of information is 
broad enough to include rumours, matters of supposition, intentions of a person (including the Company) 
and information which is insufficiently definite to warrant disclosure to the public. 
Importantly, you need not be an "insider" to come across inside information.  That is, it does not matter 
how you come to know the inside information (for example, you could learn it in the course of carrying 
out your responsibilities or in passing in the corridor or in a lift or at a dinner party). 
4.4  
Insider trading is prohibited at all times 
If you possess inside information, you must not buy or sell the Company Securities, advise or get others 
to do so or pass on the inside information to others.  This prohibition applies regardless of how you learn 
the information. 
The prohibition on insider trading applies not only to information concerning the Company Securities.  
If a person has inside information in relation to Securities of another company, that person must not deal 
in those Securities. 
The insider trading prohibitions apply even when a trade falls within an exclusion to the restrictions on 
trading set out in this policy if it is undertaken by, or procured by, someone in possession of inside 
information at the time of the trade.  
5. 
Confidential Information 
Related to the above, Directors and employees also have a duty of confidentiality to the Company.  You 
must not reveal any confidential information concerning the Company, use that information in any way 
which may injure or cause loss to the Company, or use that confidential information to gain an advantage 
for yourself. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
4
6. 
Trading restrictions imposed by this policy 
6.1 
Additional restrictions 
Additional restrictions (described below) on trading the Company Securities apply to Restricted Persons 
(as defined above). The additional restrictions in this policy do not prohibit Restricted Persons from 
acquiring Securities under a Company dividend reinvestment plan or an employee share plan, if either 
plan exists (however, the additional restrictions will apply to any subsequent trading of the Company 
Securities acquired under those plans). 
6.2 
Reasons for additional restrictions 
Restricted Persons are in positions where it may be assumed that they may come into possession of 
inside information and, as a result, any trading by Restricted Persons may embarrass or reflect badly on 
them or on the Company (even if a Restricted Person has no actual inside information at the time).  This 
policy is designed to avoid the possibility that misconceptions, misunderstandings or suspicions might 
arise due to trading by Restricted Persons in Securities. 
6.3 
Blackout periods 
Restricted Persons must not deal in the Company's Securities during any of the following blackout 
periods: 
• 
the period each year from the close of trading at the end of each quarter (31 March, 30 
June, 30 September and 31 December) until 10.00am on the next trading day following 
the announcement to the ASX of the quarterly results; and 
• 
any other period that the Company specifies from time to time.  
6.4 
No speculative short term trading 
Restricted Persons should not trade in the Company's Securities on a short term basis or for speculative 
trading gain. 
6.5 
Exceptional circumstances 
If a Restricted Person needs to deal in the Company's Securities due to exceptional circumstances but 
such dealing would breach this policy, the Restricted Person must apply to the person specified in rule 
7 for a waiver from compliance with the provisions in rules 6.3 or 6.4. 
Exceptional circumstances include severe financial hardship, compulsion by a court order or any other 
circumstances that are deemed exceptional by the person described in rule 7. 
The Restricted Person seeking a waiver under this rule must apply in writing to the person specified in 
rule 7 setting out the circumstances of the proposed dealing (including an explanation as to the severe 
financial hardship or circumstances that are otherwise exceptional) and the reason the waiver is 
requested.  A waiver will only be granted if the Restricted Person's application is accompanied by 
sufficient evidence (in the opinion of the person specified in rule 7) that the dealing of the relevant 
Securities is the most reasonable course of action available in the circumstances. 
If a waiver is granted, the Restricted Person will be notified in writing (which may include notification 
via email) and in each circumstance the duration of the waiver to deal in Securities will be 2 trading 
days. 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this rule must comply with the 
other sections of this policy (to the extent applicable). The insider trading prohibitions apply even when 
a trade falls within this rule 6.5 if it is undertaken by, or procured by, someone in possession of inside 
information at the time of the trade.  
For personal use only

 
5
6.6 
Permitted dealings  
Where rules 4.1, 6.3 or 6.4 do not apply, Restricted Persons are permitted to trade the Company 
Securities subject to the notification and approval requirements set out below. 
Outside the blackout periods specified in rule 6.3, Restricted Persons must notify the Company in 
advance of any proposed dealing in Company Securities.  The notification must be made to the person 
in rule 7 and confirm that they do not hold any inside information.  The proposed dealing must not be 
entered into until written clearance has been given by the person nominated in rule 7.  
Any approval to trade can be given, withdrawn or refused by the Company in its discretion without 
giving any reasons. A decision to refuse approval is final and binding on the person seeking the approval. 
If approval to trade Company Securities is refused, the person seeking the approval must keep that 
information confidential and not disclose it to anyone. Any approval to trade under this policy is not an 
endorsement from the Company and the person doing the trade is individually responsible for their 
investment decisions and their compliance with insider trading laws.  
If granted, trading consent is only valid for a period of 5 trading days after notification of approval.  
Trading consent is automatically deemed to be withdrawn if the person becomes aware of inside 
information prior to trading.  
The insider trading prohibitions apply even when a trade is permitted under this rule if it is undertaken 
by, or procured by, someone in possession of inside information at the time of the trade. 
6.7 
Requirements after trading 
Once a Restricted Person has completed a trade in the Company Securities, the relevant person described 
in rule 7, must be: 
• 
advised that the trade has been completed; and 
• 
in the case of Directors, provided with sufficient information to enable the Company to 
comply with its ASX reporting obligations (including date, price, volume and whether the 
change occurred during a blackout period and if so, whether written clearance was 
provided). This information must be provided to ASX as soon as reasonably practicable 
and in any event no later than three business days after the date of the change.  
6.8 
Application to employee share and option plans 
The additional restrictions in this policy do not affect a Restricted Person's participation in any Company 
employee share or option plans or the exercise of options/rights under those plans.   
However the additional restrictions in this policy may apply to any subsequent trade of any the Company 
Securities issued to (or for the benefit of) a Restricted Person on the exercise of any options granted 
under an employee share or option plan.  
 
 
For personal use only

 
6
 
6.9 
No hedging 
A Restricted Person must not, without prior written approval by the relevant person specified in rule 7, 
engage in hedging arrangements, deal in derivatives or enter into other arrangements which vary 
economic risk related to the Company's Securities including, for example, dealing in warrants, equity 
swaps, put and call options, contracts for difference and other contracts intended to secure a profit or 
avoid a loss based on fluctuations in the price of the Company's Securities. This provision includes 
engaging in hedging or other arrangements that would have the effect of limiting the economic risk in 
connection with Company Securities including Securities which are unvested, subject to a holding 
lock or issued pursuant to an equity based remuneration scheme.  
7. 
Consents and Notifications 
Where this policy requires a notification to occur, or consent, or waiver to be obtained (unless the context 
requires otherwise) the table below sets out whom each Restricted Person must notify or seek approval 
from. 
Restricted Person 
Person to notify and obtain consent 
Chair of the Board 
The Board 
Other Directors (including Managing 
Director) 
Chair of the Board 
Senior Executives and other persons 
identified by the Company from time to 
time 
Chair of the Board 
8. 
Breaches of this policy 
Strict compliance with this policy is a condition of employment or engagement by the Company.  
Breaches of this policy will be regarded as serious misconduct and may lead to disciplinary action, 
which may include termination of employment or engagement by the Company. 
 9. 
Further Information 
For more information about this policy, contact the Company Secretary.  
 
For personal use only
