ASX / MEDIA RELEASE 
24 November 2025  
 
 
 
 
Registered Address 
New Murchison Gold Limited 
ACN 085 782 994 
 
Level 2, 5 Ord Street 
West Perth WA 6005 
 
 
E: info@newmurchgold.com.au 
 
T: +61 (08) 9389 6927 
 
W: newmurchgold.com.au 
 
 
 
Projects 
Garden Gully Gold Project  
 
Corporate 
Shares on Issue 
10,822m 
Share Price 
$0.035  
Market Cap 
$379m 
 
ASX Code 
NMG 
 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY - UPDATE 
 
 
New Murchison Gold Limited (ASX:NMG) (“NMG” or the “Company”) is pleased to provide a copy of its 
updated Securities Trading Policy, lodged in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10.  
 
A copy of the Policy is available in the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s website at 
https://www.newmurchgold.com.au/our-company/corporate-governance/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Authorised for release to ASX by the Board of New Murchison Gold Limited 
For further information please contact: 
 
 
Alex Passmore 
Chief Executive Officer 
E: info@newmurchgold.com.au 
newmurchgold.com.au 
Derek Humphry 
Company Secretary 
E: info@newmurchgold.com.au 
 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy  
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
1 
Applicability 
In this policy a reference to the Company is a reference to New Murchison Gold Limited ACN 
085 782 994. A reference to the Group is a reference to the Company and its wholly owned 
entities. 
The sources of legal obligations underpinning this policy include:  
(a) 
the Corporations Act (2001) (Cth) (Corporations Act), which, among other things, 
prohibits insider trading by anyone;  
(b) 
ASX Listing Rules, ASX Guidance Note 27 (Trading Policies) and ASX Corporate 
Governance Principles and Recommendations, which sets out requirements for 
responsible trading in listed company shares.  
This policy applies to Restricted Persons and employees of the Group.  
A Restricted Person is: 
(a) 
a person who has authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the 
activities of the Company, directly or indirectly, including: 
i) 
any director (whether executive or otherwise); and 
ii) 
other key management personnel as set out in the latest Annual Report of the 
Company (Key Management Personnel of KMP); 
(b) 
a senior employee of the Group that reports directly to a KMP (Senior Employee); 
(c) 
any other person designated as a ‘Restricted Person’ by the Board in writing; and 
(d) 
a Connected Person of a person referred to in paragraph (a) or (b). 
A Connected Person means your spouse or partner, child or step-child under 18 years, a 
parent, an unlisted body corporate which you are a director of, a trust of which you are a 
trustee and of which you or any of the persons referred to above is a beneficiary or any other 
person over whom you have significant influence or control. 
You must take all reasonable steps to procure that your Connected Persons comply with this 
policy. 
All employees and Restricted Persons will be given access to this policy via the Company's 
website. Training or awareness sessions on this policy will be held from time to time, as 
required.  
For personal use only

 
Page 2 of 9 
2 
Purpose 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
(a) 
assist you to comply with your obligations under the insider trading provisions of the 
Corporations Act; 
(b) 
protect the Company's reputation and ensure it is not adversely impacted by perceptions of 
trading in Securities at inappropriate times; 
(c) 
establish a procedure for trading in the Company’s securities and ensure that a proper 
market for Securities is maintained that supports shareholder and investor confidence; 
(d) 
comply with the requirements of the Listing Rules of the Australian Securities 
Exchange (ASX). 
This policy is for the protection of the Company and each of the persons covered by the policy. 
If you do not understand any part of this policy, you should contact the Company Secretary. It is 
your responsibility to make sure that none of your trading constitutes insider trading or breaches 
the law or this policy. 
3 
Securities and trading 
This policy applies to securities issued by the Company and include shares, share 
acquisition rights, options, debentures (including bonds and notes) and derivatives of any of 
the above (including equity swaps, futures, hedges and exchange-traded or over-the-counter 
options) whether settled by cash or otherwise (Securities). 
To “trade” in Securities means, whether as principal or agent, to apply for, acquire, or 
dispose of Securities, or to enter into an agreement to apply, for, acquire, or dispose of 
Securities or procure another person to do so. To “trade” includes the exercise of an option, 
or the conversion of a share acquisition right. 
4 
Insider trading is prohibited at all times 
A summary of the insider trading prohibition is set out in the Appendix to this policy. Engaging 
in insider trading can subject you to civil and/or criminal liability. 
All employees and Restricted Persons must not trade in Securities if they have Inside 
Information (as defined in the Appendix to this policy).  
Insider trading is prohibited at all times. 
The insider trading provisions in the Corporations Act also apply to the securities of other 
companies and entities if you have inside information about that company or entity. These 
other companies and entities may include suppliers or customers of the Company or 
companies that the Company has entered (or is planning to enter) into a transaction with, for 
example a takeover or asset sale. 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 3 of 9 
 
5 
Blackout periods 
Restricted Persons must not trade in Securities during the periods between the end of each 
quarter and 24 hours immediately following the release of the Company's quarterly cash flow 
report for those financial quarters (Blackout Periods), unless the circumstances are 
exceptional and the procedure for prior written clearance described in section 7 has been met. 
In addition to the Blackout Periods, the Board may from time to time declare additional periods 
during which a Restricted Person is prohibited from trading in Securities (for example because 
the Company is considering matters that would require disclosure to the market but for Listing 
Rule 3.1A) (Additional Period), unless the circumstances are exceptional and the procedure 
for prior written clearance described in section 7 has been met. This prohibition is in addition 
to the Blackout Periods. The Blackout Periods and the Additional Period are together referred 
to as a Prohibited Period in this policy. Restricted Persons must not disclose to anyone that 
an Additional Period is in effect. 
Please note that even if it is outside a Prohibited Period, a Restricted Person (or any other person) 
must not trade in Securities if they are in possession of Inside Information. 
6 
Exceptional circumstances 
A Restricted Person who is not in possession of Inside Information may request prior written 
clearance to trade in Securities during a Prohibited Period in accordance with the 
procedure set out in section 7 in the following exceptional circumstances: 
(a) 
where the Restricted Person is in severe financial hardship; or 
(b) 
where there are other circumstances deemed to be exceptional by the person granting 
the prior written clearance. 
The determination of whether a Restricted Person is in severe financial hardship or whether 
there are other exceptional circumstances can only be made by the relevant Approving Officer 
in accordance with the procedure for obtaining clearance set out in section 7. A Restricted 
Person may be in severe financial hardship if they have a pressing financial commitment that 
cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling the relevant Securities1. A circumstance may be 
considered exceptional if a Restricted Person is required by a court order or a court 
enforceable undertaking to transfer or sell, or accept a transfer of, Securities or there is 
some other overriding legal or regulatory requirement for them to do so. Ultimately, it is a 
decision to be made by the relevant Approving Officer, in their sole and absolute discretion. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 A tax liability would not normally constitute severe financial hardship unless the Restricted Person  has no other means of 
satisfying the liability. 
For personal use only

 
Page 4 of 9 
7 
Prior written clearance 
A Restricted Person must not trade in Securities at any time (including in the exceptional 
circumstances referred to in section 6) unless they first obtain prior written clearance from: 
Your role 
Approving Officer 
Approving Officer alternate 
KMP, Key Consultant, Key Contractor, 
Senior Employee, Other Employee 
(where applicable) (excluding Chief 
Executive Officer or Company Secretary) 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
Chair 
Director (excluding the Chair), Chief 
Executive Officer or Company Secretary 
Chair 
Chair of the Audit Committee 
Chair 
Board 
n/a 
A request for prior written clearance to trade must be made in writing using the specified form 
and given to the relevant Approving Officer (or Approving Officer alternate). The request may 
be submitted in person or by mail or email. 
Any written clearance may be given in person or by mail or email and will be valid for the period 
of 5 business days from the date that the clearance is given or such other period as may be 
determined by the Approving Officer. 
The Company Secretary will maintain a register of clearances given in accordance with this 
section 7, and must report all clearances given to the Board at its next following meeting. 
Written clearance may be withdrawn by the Approving Officer at any time during the clearance 
period should the Approving Officer consider that the circumstances have changed, having 
regard to the broader reputational, governance and other implications of the proposed trading 
in Securities. 
8 
Trading not subject to this policy 
The following trading by Restricted Persons is excluded from the restrictions outlined in section 
5, but remains subject to the insider trading prohibition summarised in the Appendix to this 
policy: 
(a) 
transfers of Securities between a Restricted Person and their spouse, civil partner, child, 
step-child, family company, family trust, superannuation fund or other close family 
member; 
(b) 
transfers of Securities where the transfer does not result in a change of beneficial 
interest in the Securities; 
(c) 
an acquisition, or agreement to acquire, Securities under an employee incentive scheme 
that is compliant with Division 1A of Part 7.12 of the Corporations Act; 
(d) 
a disposal of Securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, for 
example, under a margin lending arrangement; 
For personal use only

 
Page 5 of 9 
(e) 
where a Restricted Person is a trustee, trading in the Securities by that trust provided 
that the Restricted Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade 
during a Prohibited Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers 
independently of the Restricted Person; or 
(f) 
trading under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior written clearance has been 
provided in accordance with procedures set out in this Policy and where: (a) the 
Restricted Person did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a Prohibited 
Period; and (b) the trading plan does not permit the Restricted Person to exercise any 
influence or discretion over how, when, or whether to trade; 
(g) 
indirect and incidental trading that occurs as a consequence of a Restricted Person 
dealing in Securities issued by a managed investment scheme, listed investment 
company, exchange-traded fund or similar investment vehicle that is managed by a third 
and that happens to hold as part of its portfolio, Securities in the Company. 
(h) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
(i) 
a disposal of Securities arising from a scheme of arrangement; 
(j) 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders such as, a 
rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and 
an equal access buy- back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of 
the offer has been approved by the Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or 
not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the 
take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
(k) 
the exercise (but not the sale of Securities following exercise) of an option or right under 
an employee incentive scheme that is compliant with Division 1A of Part 7.12 of the 
Corporations Act, or the conversion of a convertible security, where: 
(i) 
the final date for the exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of the 
security, falls during a Prohibited Period and the Company has been in an 
exceptionally long Prohibited Period or the Company has had a number of 
consecutive Prohibited Periods and the Restricted Person could not reasonably 
have been expected to exercise it at a time when free to do so; and 
(ii) 
prior written clearance to exercise the option or right, or convert the security, is 
secured in accordance with the procedure set out in Section 7 of this policy; 
(l) 
the vesting (but not the sale of Securities following the vesting) of Securities as a result of 
meeting performance hurdles, or release of Securities from holding lock or holding term 
in respect of Securities received by Restricted Persons as part of performance-based 
remuneration. 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 6 of 9 
9 
Restricted transactions 
9.1 
Hedging transactions 
Before entering into any transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the 
economic risk of your security holding in the Company a Restricted Person must first 
obtain prior written clearance from the appropriate Approving Officer in accordance with 
the procedure set out in section 7. 
A Restricted Person is prohibited from entering into transactions or arrangements which 
limit the economic risk of participating in unvested entitlements under any equity based 
remuneration schemes. 
9.2 
Margin loans 
A Restricted Person must not enter into margin loan agreements or other secured 
lending arrangements in relation to Securities without first obtaining prior written 
clearance from the appropriate Approving Officer in accordance with the procedure set 
out in section 7. 
9.3 
Non-discretionary trading plans 
A Restricted Person must not put in place a non-discretionary trading plan in respect of 
Securities without first obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate Approving 
Officer in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7. A Restricted Person must 
not cancel any such trading plan during a Prohibited Period, unless the circumstances 
are exceptional and the procedure for prior written clearance set out in section 7 has 
been met. 
9.4 
Share purchase plan and dividend or distribution reinvestment plan 
A Restricted Person must not cancel or withdraw from a share purchase plan or dividend 
or distribution reinvestment plan during a Prohibited Period, unless the circumstances 
are exceptional and the procedure for prior written clearance set out in section 7 has 
been met. 
10 
Long Term Trading 
The Company wishes to encourage Restricted Persons to adopt a long term attitude to 
investment in Securities. Therefore, Restricted Persons must not engage in short term or 
speculative trading of Securities. 
11 
Consequences of breach 
Breach of the insider trading prohibition could expose you to criminal and civil liability. 
Breach of this policy (irrespective of whether the insider trading prohibition or any other law is 
breached) will also be regarded by the Company as serious misconduct which may lead to 
disciplinary action and/or dismissal. 
This policy does not contain an exhaustive analysis of the restrictions imposed on, and the 
very serious legal ramifications of, insider trading. Persons who wish to obtain further 
information are encouraged to contact the Company Secretary. 
For personal use only

 
Page 7 of 9 
 
12 
ASX notification 
It is a requirement for admission to the official list of ASX, and an ongoing requirement for 
listing, that the Company has a securities trading policy. 
The Company will give a copy of this policy to ASX for release to the market.  
The Company will also give any amended version of this policy to ASX when it makes a change 
to:  
• 
the periods within which Restricted Persons are prohibited from trading in Securities; 
• 
the trading that is excluded from the operation of the policy; or 
• 
the exceptional circumstances in which Restricted Persons may be permitted to trade 
during a Prohibited Period within five business days of the amendments taking effect. 
The Company will also give this policy to ASX immediately on request by ASX. 
 
 
 
Last Reviewed:  
November 2025 
Next Review: 
 
November 2026 
For personal use only

 
Page 8 of 9 
Appendix – Insider trading prohibition 
 
1 
What is Inside Information? 
Inside Information is information that: (a) is not generally available; and (b) if it were generally 
available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of 
the securities. 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price 
or value of securities if (and only if) the information would, or would be likely to, influence 
persons who commonly acquire securities in deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of 
those securities. In other words, the information must be shown to be material to the 
investment decision of a reasonable hypothetical investor in the securities. 
It does not matter how you come to know the Inside Information. For the purpose of the 
insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act, “information” is given a wide meaning and 
includes matters of supposition and other matters that are insufficiently definite to warrant 
being made known to the public and matters relating to the intentions, or the likely intentions 
of a person. 
Examples of information which, if made available to the market, may depending on the 
circumstances be likely to have a material effect on the price of Securities are: 
(a) 
a material mineral or hydrocarbon discovery; 
(b) 
drilling results; 
(c) 
exploration results; 
(d) 
a transaction that will lead to a significant change in the nature or scale of the 
Company’s activities; 
(e) 
a material acquisition or disposal; 
(f) 
the granting or withdrawal of a material licence; 
(g) 
becoming a plaintiff or defendant in a material lawsuit; 
(h) 
the fact that the Company’s earnings will be materially different from market expectations; 
(i) 
the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or receiver; 
(j) 
the commission of an event of default under, or other event entitling a financier to 
terminate, a material financing facility; 
(k) 
under subscriptions or over subscriptions to an issue of securities; 
(l) 
giving or receiving a notice of intention to make a takeover; 
(m) 
any rating applied by a rating agency to the Company or its securities and any change 
to such a rating; 
(n) 
any actual or proposed change to the Company’s capital structure for example, a 
share issue. 
For personal use only

 
Page 9 of 9 
2 
When is information generally available? 
Information is generally available if: 
(a) 
it consists of ‘readily observable matter’; 
(b) 
it has been made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, bring it to the 
attention of persons who commonly invest in securities of a kind whose price or value 
might be affected by the information and since it was made known, a reasonable 
period for it to be disseminated among such persons has elapsed; or 
(c) 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information 
of the kind referred to in (a) or (b) above. 
3 
Prohibited conduct 
In summary, the Corporations Act prohibits three types of conduct relating to Inside Information: 
• 
the direct or indirect acquisition or disposal of securities using Inside Information; 
• 
the procurement of another person to acquire or dispose of securities using Inside 
Information; and 
• 
communication of Inside Information to another person for the purpose of the other 
person acquiring or disposing of securities. 
You must not, whether in your own capacity or as an agent for another, apply for, acquire or 
dispose of, or enter into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of, any securities, or 
procure another person to do so if you: 
(a) 
possess Inside Information; and 
(b) 
know or ought reasonably to know, that: 
(i) 
the information is not generally available; and 
(ii) 
if it were generally available, it might have a material effect on the price or value of 
the securities or influence a person's decision to buy or sell the securities. 
You also must not either directly or indirectly pass on this kind of information to another 
person if they know, or ought reasonably to know, that this other person is likely to apply for, 
acquire or dispose of the securities or procure another person to do so. 
For personal use only
