 
Omni Bridgeway Limited  |  ABN 45 067 298 088  |  GPO Box 5457  |  Sydney NSW 2000  |  Freecall 1800 016 464 
ASX Announcement 
30 JULY 2026 
 
 
 
Revised Security Trading Policy 
 
Omni Bridgeway Limited (Omni Bridgeway) (ASX:OBL) lodges the attached revised Security 
Trading Policy with the ASX in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10.  
A copy of the Security Trading Policy is available in the corporate governance section of the 
Company’s website at www.omnibridgeway.com.  
 
This announcement is authorised for release to the market by the Board. 
 
INVESTOR ENQUIRIES: 
Nathan Kandapper 
Global Head of Investor Relations and Head of 
Corporate Development  
nkandapper@omnibridgeway.com  
 
 
For personal use only

 
OMNI#1,269,341 
 
Corporate Governance Manual 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
 
Application of Policy: 
Global 
This Policy applies to all Employees and every member of the 
Group.  Certain employees of the Group are also subject to the 
securities trading rules established by Omni Bridgeway 
Management (USA) LLC, a subsidiary of the Company which is a 
registered investment adviser with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. 
 
Definitions: Capitalised terms used throughout this Policy are defined in paragraph 9. 
1. 
Purpose 
This Policy provides restrictions in dealing with the Company’s Securities and other 
restricted dealings so that Restricted Persons do not trade in securities in a way that 
breaches insider trading laws and provides confidence to the market that trading practices 
are ethical and honest.  The Company will also consider restricting trading where 
transactions may reflect badly on the person or the Company.   
Whilst the Group encourages its Directors and Employees to hold Securities in the 
Company, all such Directors and Employees have a personal responsibility to ensure that 
they comply with the law and with this Policy.   
Employees also need to carefully consider when working on specific projects that they may 
have access to Inside Information in securities other than those issued by the Company 
and that they therefore cannot trade in such securities. 
All holders of Securities have an obligation NOT to Deal in those Securities if in 
possession of Inside Information. If in doubt, please contact the Company Secretary 
or Compliance for non-OBL securities immediately. 
2. 
Dealings prohibited at all times 
2.1. 
Insider Trading 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Policy, if any person possesses Inside 
Information, that person must not Deal, or get others to do so, or pass on the Inside 
Information to others.  This prohibition applies regardless of how the person becomes 
aware of the Inside Information.   
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Omni Bridgeway Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
omnibridgeway.com      | 2 
2.2. 
Margin Lending and other secured financing arrangements 
Restricted Persons must not, without the prior written consent of a Designated Officer: 
(a) 
enter into any margin loan arrangements in relation to a Dealing in the Company’s 
Securities; 
(b) 
use the Company’s Securities as collateral in any financial transactions, or grant or 
permit to exist any encumbrance over the Company’s Securities, including in 
connection with margin loan arrangements; or 
(c) 
engage in any lending arrangements in respect of the Company’s Securities. 
2.3. 
Other Prohibited Dealings  
In addition to the prohibition on insider trading in paragraph 2.1, a Restricted Person must 
not:  
(a) 
Deal in the Company’s Securities: 
(i) 
where the Dealing is of a Short-Term Nature;  
(ii) 
where the Dealing by its timing, size or regularity will have the effect or likely 
effect of bringing the Company into disrepute amongst shareholders or 
potential investors; or 
(iii) 
where it is unlawful to do so; or 
(b) 
deal in the securities of any other entity where such Restricted Person, or the 
Company, is in possession of information that is not generally available to the 
market but which, if generally available, might materially impact the price or value of 
the applicable entity’s securities. Where the Company is in receipt of such 
information, the applicable issuers will be listed on the Company’s Restricted List. 
(c) 
directly or indirectly, enter into, trade in, acquire, dispose of, vary or otherwise deal 
in any Litigation Event Contract. This prohibition applies regardless of whether the 
relevant litigation, arbitration, regulatory proceeding or dispute resolution process 
involves the Company, any member of the Group, any fund, investment, client, 
counterparty or other matter in which the Group has, or may have, an interest. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this prohibition applies to any Dealing by an Associate of 
a Restricted Person, and a Restricted Person must not procure, encourage, advise or 
arrange for another person to enter into, trade in or otherwise deal in a Litigation 
Event Contract.  
3. 
Dealing by Restricted Persons  
3.1. 
Dealings by a Manager   
A Manager may only Deal in the Company’s Securities during the following “Open 
Periods”: 
(a) 
the four (4) week period commencing on the first Trading Day after the date of the 
Company’s annual general meeting;  
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Omni Bridgeway Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
omnibridgeway.com      | 3 
(b) 
the six (6) week period commencing on the first Trading Day after the release of the 
Company’s half-yearly results; 
(c) 
the six (6) week period commencing on the first Trading Day after the release of the 
Company’s preliminary final results and final results to ASX; 
(d) 
the four (4) week period commencing on the first Trading Day after the release of 
the Company’s quarterly Investment Portfolio Report to the ASX as at 31 March;  
(e) 
the four (4) week period commencing on the first Trading Day after the release of a 
disclosure document offering securities in the Company; or 
(f) 
such period commencing and ending on dates which may be determined by the 
Board (or its delegate(s)1) from time to time, 
provided that the Manager is not in possession of any Inside Information relating to the 
Company’s Securities and complies with the requirements detailed in this paragraph 3.  
3.2. 
Dealings by Restricted Persons (other than a Manager)  
A Restricted Person (other than a Manager) may Deal in the Company's Securities at any 
time except for during the following "Closed Periods": 
(a) 
the period commencing on and from 1 January of the relevant calendar year and 
ending two weeks after the release of the Company's half-yearly results to the ASX;  
(b) 
the period commencing on and from 30 June of the relevant calendar year and 
ending two weeks after the release of the Company's annual financial results to the 
ASX; and  
(c) 
such period commencing and ending on dates which may be determined by the 
Board (or its delegate(s)2) from time to time, 
Trading is permissible provided that the Restricted Person (other than a Manager) is not in 
possession of any Inside Information relating to the Company's Securities and complies 
with the requirements detailed in this paragraph 3. 
3.3. 
Restrictions on Dealing by Restricted Persons  
(a) 
Before a Restricted Person may Deal with the Company's Securities in accordance 
with paragraph 3.1 or 3.2 (as applicable), a Restricted Person must comply with the 
applicable requirements in paragraph 3.4. 
(b) 
Dealing in Securities notified in accordance with the procedure in paragraph 3.4, will 
not be permitted if any of the following factors exist: 
(i) 
the Company is currently not in compliance with its continuous disclosure 
 
1 The Board has delegated authority to the Chair of the Board and the Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee to make a 
determination under paragraph 3.1(f). 
2 The Board has delegated authority to the Chair of the Board and the Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee to make a 
determination under paragraph 3.2(c). 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Omni Bridgeway Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
omnibridgeway.com      | 4 
obligations under Listing Rule 3.1; 
(ii) 
the Restricted Person possesses any Inside Information in relation to the 
Company’s Securities; and 
(iii) 
in respect of a Manager, the Company is withholding any material 
information from disclosure by reason of the exceptions to Listing Rule 
3.1A (namely under Listing Rules 3.1A.1, 3.1A.2 and 3.1A.3). 
3.4. 
Pre-Dealing Requirements  
(a) 
Before Dealing, or giving instructions for Dealing or causing anyone else to Deal, in 
the Company’s Securities, the Restricted Person must: 
(i) 
request approval from the relevant Designated Officer(s) in writing 
(including email or via the Company’s online portal) to Deal (or to cause 
someone else to Deal) in the Company’s Securities.  Such request to 
include confirmation that the Restricted Person does not hold any Inside 
Information; 
(ii) 
have received an approval from the relevant Designated Officer in writing 
(including email or notification via the Company’s online portal) which may 
attach conditions to any clearance as determined by the Designated 
Officer; and 
(iii) 
have complied with any conditions on Dealing imposed by a Designated 
Officer relevant to that Restricted Person. 
(b) 
The Board, Chair, Managing Director or Company Secretary may seek appropriate 
legal advice to ensure the proper provision, or otherwise, of a clearance under 
this paragraph, and the cost of such advice shall be borne by the Company. 
(c) 
Approvals once granted are valid for ten (10) Trading Days, unless otherwise 
notified by the applicable Designated Officer and do not constitute an 
endorsement or recommendation by the Company of the proposed Dealing. 
Restricted Persons remain responsible for their own investment decisions and 
compliance with the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act and this 
Policy. 
3.5. 
Notification of Dealing 
(a) 
A Restricted Person must notify the Company Secretary or delegate where that 
Restricted Person Deals in the Company’s Securities within one (1) Business Day of 
such Dealing having taken place. 
(b) 
The above notification must be in writing and include: 
(i) 
the name of the Restricted Person; 
(ii) 
whether the interest in the Company’s Securities held by the Restricted 
Person was direct or indirect (and if it was indirect, the circumstances 
giving rise to the interest); 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Omni Bridgeway Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
omnibridgeway.com      | 5 
(iii) 
the date of the Dealing, and the number of Securities involved; 
(iv) 
the consideration given or received for the Securities; and 
(v) 
the number of Securities held by the Restricted Person, directly and 
indirectly, before and after the trading in Securities. 
4. 
Permitted Exceptions  
4.1. 
Exceptions  
A Restricted Person who is not in possession of Inside Information in relation to the 
Company may be given prior written clearance by a Designated Officer (“Prior Written 
Clearance”) to sell or otherwise dispose of Company Securities during a Restricted Period 
where: 
(a) 
the Restricted Person is in severe financial hardship, as described in paragraph 
4.3; or 
(b) 
there are other exceptional circumstances, as described in paragraph 4.4. 
4.2. 
Prior Written Clearance 
(a) 
To apply for Prior Written Clearance under paragraph 4.1, a Restricted Person 
(“Applicant”) must apply to the relevant Designated Officer(s) by sending an 
application in writing (“Application”) at least 5 Business Days prior to the date of the 
proposed Dealing, providing the following information: 
(i) 
the name of the Applicant; 
(ii) 
whether the interest in the Company’s Securities held by the Applicant is 
direct or indirect (and if it is indirect, the circumstances giving rise to the 
interest); 
(iii) 
a description of the proposed Permitted Dealing; 
(iv) 
the proposed date of the Permitted Dealing;  
(v) 
a declaration that the Applicant does not hold any Inside Information; and 
(vi) 
either: 
(A) 
if paragraph 4.1(a) applies, a description of the circumstances of 
severe financial hardship, as described in paragraph 4.3; or  
(B) 
if paragraph 4.1(b) applies, a description of the other exceptional 
circumstances which apply, as described in paragraph 4.4,  
and, in either case, why the proposed Dealing is the only reasonable 
course of action available to the Applicant. 
(b) 
A Designated Officer will consider the Application and respond by giving notice in 
writing to the Applicant, confirming whether or not the clearance sought has been 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Omni Bridgeway Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
omnibridgeway.com      | 6 
granted or rejected, together with details of any applicable conditions applied to a 
clearance, within two (2) Business Days of receipt of the Application.  
(c) 
The grant of Prior Written Clearance in accordance with this paragraph 4.2 is not 
an endorsement or recommendation by the Company of the proposed Dealing.  
Restricted Persons remain responsible for their own investment decisions and 
compliance with the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act and this 
Policy.  
4.3. 
Severe Financial Hardship 
(a) 
For the purposes of paragraphs 4.1(a) and 4.2(a)(vi)(A), the Designated Officer may 
consider a Restricted Person to be in severe financial hardship if he or she has a 
pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling or 
disposing of the relevant Company Securities. 
(b) 
A tax liability of a Restricted Person will not normally constitute severe financial 
hardship unless the Restricted Person has no other means of satisfying the liability. 
4.4. 
Other Exceptional Circumstances 
(a) 
For the purposes of paragraphs 4.1(b) and 4.2(a)(vi)(B), a Designated Officer may 
consider the proposed Dealing of the Company’s Securities by a Restricted Person 
in accordance with: 
(i) 
a court order; 
(ii) 
a court enforceable undertaking; or 
(iii) 
some other overriding legal or regulatory requirement for the Restricted 
Person to do so, 
to be exceptional circumstances, as well as any other circumstances the 
Designated Officer deems to be exceptional circumstances for the purposes of 
paragraph 4.4(b). 
(b) 
A Designated Officer may consider other circumstances to be exceptional 
circumstances for the purposes of paragraphs 4.1(b) and 4.2(a)(vi)(B) if the 
Designated Officer is satisfied that the proposed Dealing is the only reasonable 
course of action available to the Restricted Person. 
5. 
Breach of Policy 
(a) 
The Policy must be strictly complied with both in spirit and intent. 
(b) 
From time to time, Restricted Persons may be asked to confirm that they have 
complied with this Policy or, if they have not, to disclose where this is not the 
case.  Such a request must be responded to promptly. 
(c) 
The Company monitors compliance with this Policy and may access Restricted 
Persons' trading activities in Company Securities or other securities (including 
access through the CHESS sub-register) in order to confirm compliance with this 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Omni Bridgeway Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
omnibridgeway.com      | 7 
Policy. 
(d) 
In the event of a breach of this Policy by a Restricted Person, a written warning will 
be issued by the Chair (or, where the relevant Restricted Person is the Chair, by 
the Managing Director) to the Restricted Person specifying the breach.  A warning 
will be recorded against the Restricted Person unless the majority of the Board 
(excluding any Director being the subject of the breach) resolves that a warning 
should not be given. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of this Policy by an 
Associate of a Restricted Person will be treated as a breach of this Policy by that 
Restricted Person for the purposes of this paragraph 5. 
(e) 
In the event of a Restricted Person receiving a second notice of breach, after a 
recorded warning, then, unless the majority of the Board (excluding any Director 
being the subject of the breach) resolves that a second breach should not be 
recorded, then: 
(i) 
if the Restricted Person is a Director they will resign immediately from the 
Board or if such Director refuses to resign then, to the extent permitted by 
law, the Director’s directorship will be terminated by the Board with 
immediate effect; or 
(ii) 
if the Restricted Person is an Employee they will resign immediately from 
the Company or if such Employee refuses to resign then, to the extent 
permitted by law, the Employee’s employment will be terminated by the 
relevant Group entity with immediate effect, 
without any claim by the relevant Director or Employee, other than for unpaid but 
due fees or salary (as applicable) and other accrued entitlements up to the date of 
termination, including any documented out of pocket expenses.  
6. 
Training and Monitoring  
The Group will provide initial training in relation to this Policy and thereafter on a periodic 
basis. The Group will put in place compliance and monitoring programs to review the 
Group’s compliance with the requirements of this Policy. Restricted Persons may also be 
asked to confirm, including by periodic attestation, that they have not entered into, traded 
in or otherwise dealt in any Litigation Event Contract or other restricted securities. 
7. 
Review and Amendment of this Policy 
This Policy will be reviewed periodically by the Board to check that it is operating efficiently 
and whether any changes are required. 
Any amendments to this Policy, other than updates for changes in the Company's 
branding or position titles, and any non-material amendments (which may be approved by 
the Company Secretary), must be approved by the Board. 
8. 
Contact 
Any questions about this Policy or the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act 
should be directed to the Company Secretary. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Omni Bridgeway Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
omnibridgeway.com      | 8 
9. 
Definitions 
Defined terms used in this Policy have the following meanings: 
Term or 
Abbreviation 
Definition and Explanation 
Applicant 
has the meaning given in paragraph 4.2(a) of this Policy. 
Application 
has the meaning given in paragraph 4.2(a) of this Policy. 
Associate 
means: 
(a) the Immediate Family Members of the relevant Restricted Person; 
and 
(b) a company, trust or other entity controlled by the relevant Restricted 
Person or their Immediate Family Members. 
ASX 
means ASX Limited (ABN 98 008 624 691) and where the context permits 
the Australian Securities Exchange operated by ASX Limited. 
Board 
means the board of Directors. 
Business Days 
means Monday to Friday inclusive, except public holidays in Sydney, 
Australia, and any other day that ASX declares is not a business day. 
Chair 
means a Director who has been elected as chair of Directors in 
accordance with the constitution of the Company. 
Closed Period 
has the meaning given in paragraph 3.2.  
Company 
means Omni Bridgeway Limited (ABN 45 067 298 088). 
Company Secretary 
means the company secretary of the Company. 
Company Security 
means a Security of the Company. 
Corporations Act 
means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Deal 
means any transaction associated with subscribing for, buying, selling, 
transferring, disposing or converting a Security, and Dealing has the 
corresponding meaning. 
Designated 
Officer(s) 
in respect of a Restricted Person means the person(s) corresponding to 
that Restricted Person below: 
Restricted Person 
Designated Officer(s) 
• 
Chair 
• 
Managing Director and  
Company Secretary 
• 
Director  
(other than chairperson) 
• 
Chair and Company Secretary 
• 
Restricted Persons  
(other than the Chair or 
Directors) 
• 
Company Secretary 
 
• 
Company Secretary 
• 
Managing Director 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Omni Bridgeway Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
omnibridgeway.com      | 9 
Term or 
Abbreviation 
Definition and Explanation 
Director 
means a director of the Company. 
Employee 
means any full-time, part-time or casual employee, member, executive, 
contractor or secondee of or to any member of the Group. 
Group 
means the Company and its related bodies corporate (as that term is 
defined in section 9 of the Corporations Act). 
Immediate Family 
Member 
means a spouse, de facto partner, parent and any child under 18 years of 
age. 
Inside Information 
means information that is not generally available to the market but 
which, if generally available, might materially impact the price or value of 
the Company’s Securities. 
Key Management 
Personnel 
has the meaning given to such expression in the financial statements of 
the Company from time to time.   
Listing Rules 
means the listing rules of ASX. 
Litigation Event 
Contract 
means any contract, wager, derivative, swap, prediction market contract, 
event contract or similar arrangement, whether entered into through a 
regulated exchange, prediction market platform, gambling platform or 
otherwise, under which a person may gain or lose value based on the 
outcome, progress, settlement, judgment, appeal, procedural step or 
other event relating to litigation, arbitration, regulatory proceedings or 
other dispute resolution processes. 
Manager 
means a Restricted Person who is a member of the Key Management 
Personnel or such other Restricted Person determined by the Board, in 
its discretion, to a "Manager" for the purposes of this Policy which shall 
include any person holding any of the following offices or titles: 
(a) Director;  
(b) Chief Executive Officer; 
(c) Executive Director;  
(d) Group Chief Financial Officer;  
(e) Chief Investment Officer;  
(f) Head of Pricing and Structuring;  
(g) Group General Counsel and Company Secretary; or  
an Associate of those persons.  
Managing Director 
means the managing director of the Company or such equivalent office. 
Open Period 
has the meaning given in paragraph 3.1 
Permitted Dealing 
means any Dealing which falls within any of the following circumstances: 
(a) transfers of the Company’s Securities by a Restricted Person into a 
superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which the Restricted 
Person is a beneficiary; 
(b) an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other 
than a scheme only investing in the Company’s Securities) where the 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Omni Bridgeway Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
omnibridgeway.com      | 10 
Term or 
Abbreviation 
Definition and Explanation 
assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a 
third party; 
(c) where a Restricted Person is a trustee, trading in the Company’s 
Securities by that trust provided the Restricted Person is not a 
beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a Restricted 
Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers 
independently of the Restricted Person; 
(d) undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer for the 
Company; 
(e) accepting an offer or invitation made by the Company to all or most 
of its security holders, such as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, 
a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an equal access 
buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of 
the offer has been approved by the Board, including decisions 
relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of 
entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of 
entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
(f) the exercise (but not any subsequent sale) of an option or a right 
under an employee incentive scheme, or such similar scheme or 
plan, or the conversion of a convertible Security, where the final date 
for the exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of the 
Security, falls during a Restricted Period and the Restricted Person 
could not reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a time 
when free to do so; 
(g) vesting (but not any subsequent sale) of the Company’s Securities as 
a result of performance hurdles being met or the Company’s 
Securities being released from a holding lock; 
(h) the forfeiture, lapse, cancellation or surrender of any Company 
Securities under any employee incentive scheme; 
(i) 
dealings between a Restricted Person and a member of their 
immediate family; 
(j) 
a Dealing which results in no change in the beneficial interest in the 
Company’s Securities; or 
(k) an off-market transaction in any Company Securities where no or 
only nominal consideration is given or received by a Restricted 
Person in respect of the relevant transaction (including, without 
limitation, a transfer of Company Securities by the legal personal 
representative of any person to a beneficiary of that person’s estate). 
Prior Written 
Clearance 
has the meaning given in paragraph 4.1 of this Policy. 
Restricted List 
means the list of companies the Company has determined in respect of 
which it holds actual or potential material non-public information and 
therefore must restrict trading upon. 
Restricted Period  
means: 
(a) in relation to a Manager, any period other than the Open Period; and 
(b) in relation to Restricted Persons (other than a Manager), during the 
Closed Period.  
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Omni Bridgeway Limited – Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
omnibridgeway.com      | 11 
Term or 
Abbreviation 
Definition and Explanation 
Restricted Person 
means: 
(a) a Director; 
(b) all Employees of any member of the Group;  
(c) contractors, consultants, workers or interns of the Group globally as 
determined by the Company Secretary; and 
(d) any Associate of a person referred to above.   
Security 
means shares or debt securities or any other securities issued by the 
Company or by third parties over such securities of the Company, such as 
derivatives and Securities has the corresponding meaning. 
Short-Term Nature 
means to deal in a manner which involves trading in and out of Securities 
in a short time frame being six months or such other period as the Board 
may determine. 
Trading Day 
has the meaning given in the Listing Rules.  
 
The most recent amendments to this Policy were approved by the Board to take effect on 
24 July 2026.  
For personal use only
