ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
29 June 2026 
 
 
1 
A: Level 2, 1 Hood Street Subiaco, WA, 6008
  T: + 61 8 6365 4548  
E: admin@o bmltd .com.au  ASX:OBM  ABN: 69 100 038 266 
Revised Securities Trading Policy
 
 
Ora Banda Mining Limited (ASX:OBM) (
Ora Banda
 or the Company ) advises that it has revised its 
Securities Trading Policy, a copy of which is attached for release to the market.
 
 
This announcement
 was authorised for release to the ASX by Ora Banda ’s Board of Directors . 
 
 
 
Investor & Media Queries:
 
Luke Creagh 
 
 
 
 
Kurt Walker  
Managing Director
 
 
 
 
Investor Relations
 
+61 8 6365 4548 
 
 
 
+61 8 6365 4548 
admin@obmltd.com.au
 
 
 
admin@obmltd.com.au
 
For personal use only

  
 
JUNE 2026 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Purpose  
The Corporations Act 
prohibits trading in a company’s s
ecurities by any person who is in possession of 
price sensitive information in relation to a company if that information is not generally available. The 
Corporations Act imposes substantial penalties on people who breach those provisions.
 
The purpose of this Policy is to:
 
(a) 
assist directors, employees and contractors of 
the Company Group to comply with the insider 
trading provisions of the Corporations Act; and 
 
(b) 
establish a procedure for trading in OBM Shares by those regulated by this Policy.
 
2. 
Definitions and interpretation 
2.1. Definitions 
For the purposes of this Policy:
 
Authorising Officer has the meaning set out in section
 5.1. 
Blackout Period has the meaning given in section 
3.3 of this Policy. 
Board means the board of directors of the Company from time to time.
 
Company or OBM means Ora Banda Mining Ltd (ABN 69 100 038 266
). 
Company Group means the Company and each of its Related Bodies Corporate.
 
Company Incentive Plan means an employee share scheme, director salary
-sacrifice scheme or other 
equity -based incentive scheme established solely or primarily for the benefit of the employees or 
directors of the Company.
 
Company Secretary means the secretary (or a joint secretary) of the Company from time to time.
 
Connected Person means, in relation to an OBM Person:
 
(a) 
a spouse (including a de facto spouse);
 
(b) 
a child under 18 years of age (including a step
-child or adopted child); or 
 
(c) 
any other person in relation to which that OBM Person has control or influence over trading or 
investment decisions; and
 
(d) 
a company or trust controlled by that OBM person or any of the persons referred to in sub
-
paragraphs (a) to (c) (inclusive) above.
 
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth). 
Dealing means applying for, acquiring or disposing of securities, or entering into an agreement to apply 
for, acquire or dispose of securities, but does not include a transaction allowed by this Policy under 
section 4, and Deal has a corresponding meaning.
 
Incentive Plan Securities means any: 
Securities Trading Policy 
For personal use only

  
 
JUNE 2026 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
2 
(a) 
performance rights;
 
(b) 
retention rights; 
 
(c) 
options; or  
(d) 
other securities which are convertible into (or give a right to acquire) OBM ordinary shares,
 
issued to an OBM Person or their Connected Persons under a Company Incentive Plan. For the avoidance 
of doubt, OBM ordinary shares issued under a Company Incentive Plan are not Incentive Plan Securities.
 
Inside Information has the meaning given in section 
2.2 of this Policy. 
Key Management Personnel has the meaning given in the Corporations Act.
 
OBM Person means each director, employee and contractor of the
 Company Group. 
OBM Shares means OBM ordinary shares and any other securities issued by OBM other than Incentive 
Plan Securities. 
 
Related Body Corporate has the meaning set out in the Corporations Act.
 
Restricted Person means each member of Key Management Personnel and any other person designated 
as a Restricted Person by the Managing Director in writing from time to time.
 
securities means shares, options, debentures (including convertible notes) and other securities of a 
company. 
2.2. Meaning of Inside Information 
An OBM Person is responsible for assessing whether they possess “
Inside Information”. This occurs 
where: 
(a) 
they possess information that is not generally available to the public and, if the information were 
generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or 
value of OBM securities (or a decision whether or not to 
trade in them); and
 
(b) 
they know, or ought reasonably to know, that the information is not generally available and, if it 
were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price 
or value of OBM securities.
 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price or value 
of securities if the information would, or would be likely to, influence a person who commonly invests in 
securities to either deal or not deal in secu
rities. Inside Information in relation to the securities of outside 
companies has the same meaning for the purposes of this Policy, except that references to “OBM 
securities” should be read as references to the securities of the outside company. 
 
3. Restrictions on Dealing 
3.1. Insider trading 
An OBM Person must not, and must ensure that their Connected Persons do not, while the OBM Person is 
in possession of:
 
(a) 
Inside Information concerning OBM: 
 
(i) 
Deal in any OBM Shares;
 
(ii) 
procure another person to Deal in OBM Shares in any way; or 
 
(iii) 
pass on any Inside Information to another person for that person’s personal gain by Dealing 
in OBM Shares; or 
For personal use only

  
 
JUNE 2026 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
3 
(b) 
Inside Information concerning another company acquired through their position or dealings with 
OBM, Deal in the securities of that other company.
 
3.2. Dealings by Restricted Persons generally 
Unless a Dealing is exempt under section 4 of this Policy, Restricted Persons must not, and must procure 
that their Connected Persons do not, Deal in OBM Shares without having first obtained approval in 
accordance with section 5.1.
 
3.3. Dealings by Restricted Persons during Blackout Periods  
Subject to section 4, Restricted Persons must not, and must procure that their Connected Persons do not, 
Deal in OBM Shares during the following periods (each a 
Blackout Period): 
(a) 
from the close of the ASX trading day on 31 December each year, until 10:00am AEDT on the ASX 
trading day following the day on which the Company's half yearly results are released to the ASX; 
 
(b) 
from the close of the ASX trading day on 30 June each year, until 10:00am AEDT on the ASX trading 
day following the day on which the Company's full year results are released to the ASX;
 
(c) 
from the close of the ASX trading day on 31 March and 30 September each year, until 10:00am AEDT 
on the ASX trading day following the day on which the Company’s quarterly activities report for the 
relevant quarter is released to ASX; and
 
(d) 
any other period that the Board or Managing Director specifies from time to time.
 
If 31 March, 30 June, 30 September or 31 December are not ASX trading days, then the corresponding 
Blackout Period begins on the preceding ASX trading day.
 
3.4. No speculative trading 
OBM Persons must not, and must procure that their Connected Persons do not,
 engage in short
-term or 
speculative trading in OBM Shares or Incentive Plan Securities. This prohibition includes short term direct 
Dealing in OBM Shares as well as transactions in the derivative markets, involving exchange traded 
options, share warrants,
 contracts for difference, and other similar instruments, which are short term or 
speculative.  
3.5. No protection arrangements  
OBM Persons must not, and must procure that their Connected Persons do not, enter into
 any type of 
“protection arrangements” for any OBM Shares or Incentive Plan Securities (or OBM products in the 
derivatives markets): 
 
(a) 
in respect of any OBM Shares or Incentive Plan Securities which are unvested or subject to a holding 
lock – at any time; and
 
(b) 
otherwise – without approval under section 5.1. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt and without limiting the generality of this Policy, entering into protection 
arrangements includes entering into transactions which:
 
(c) 
amount to “short selling” of securities beyond the OBM Person’s (or any of their Connected Persons’) 
holding of securities;
 
(d) 
operate to limit the economic risk of any OBM Person’s (or any of their Connected Persons’) security 
holding (e.g. hedging arrangements) including where the OBM Shares or Incentive Plan Securities 
are held beneficially (for example, in trust or under any C
ompany Incentive Plan) on their (or any of 
their Connected Persons’) behalf; or
 
(e) 
otherwise enable an OBM Person (or any of their Connected Persons) to profit from a decrease in 
the market price of OBM Shares. 
 
For personal use only

  
 
JUNE 2026 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
4 
3.6. No granting of security or entering into margin lending arrangements 
(a) 
OBM Persons may not, and must procure that their Connected Persons do not, at any time, directly 
or indirectly, grant any form of security (whether by way of charge, mortgage, pledge or otherwise) 
over any OBM Shares or Incentive Plan Securities which are 
unvested or subject to a holding lock, 
to secure any obligation of that person or any third party or enter into any margin lending 
arrangement involving OBM Shares or Incentive Plan Securities.
 
(b) 
Unless sub -section (a) applies and subject to the rules of any applicable Company Incentive Plan, 
OBM Persons and their Connected Persons may, if they obtain approval under section 5.1, directly 
or indirectly, grant any form of security (whether by way of 
charge, mortgage, pledge or otherwise) 
over any OBM Shares or Incentive Plan Securities, to secure any obligation of that person or any 
third party or enter into any margin lending 
arrangement involving OBM Shares or Incentive Plan 
Securities. 
4. 
Exemptions from Dealing restrictions 
4.1. Actions under a Company Incentive Plan 
(a) 
Subject to sections 3.4 to 3.6 (inclusive), activities undertaken under a Company Incentive Plan 
including: 
(i) 
applying for Incentive Plan Securities;
 
(ii) 
being issued or otherwise acquiring Incentive Plan Securities;
 
(iii) 
the vesting of Incentive Plan Securities
 
(iv) 
the exercise or conversion of Incentive Plan Securities into OBM Shares;
 
(v) 
the issue or transfer of OBM Shares to the holder upon exercise or conversion of Incentive 
Plan Securities; and
 
(vi) 
applying for, being issued or otherwise acquiring OBM Shares (including ordinary shares in 
OBM), 
are not regulated by this Policy and may be undertaken by an OBM Person or their Connected 
Persons at any time.
 
(b) 
Any subsequent Dealing in OBM Shares acquired:
 
(i) 
directly under a Company Incentive Plan; or
 
(ii) 
on the exercise or conversion of Incentive Plan Securities,
 
must be undertaken in accordance with this Policy and the provisions of the Corporations Act.
 
4.2. Other exemptions 
In addition to the activities described in section 4.1 above, the following activities are not regulated by 
this Policy and may be undertaken by an OBM Person or their Connected Persons at any time:
 
(a) 
Trading in OBM Shares where the trading does not result in any change of beneficial interest in the 
OBM Shares. 
(b) 
Transferring OBM Shares already held by an OBM Person or their Connected Persons into a self
-
managed superannuation fund, family trust, private company or other saving scheme in which the 
OBM Person or their Connected Person (as applicable) is a beneficiar
y or shareholder and which the 
OBM Person or any of their Connected Persons controls.
 
For personal use only

  
 
JUNE 2026 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
5 
(c) 
Acquiring OBM Shares under a bonus issue, dividend or capital reduction made to all holders of 
securities of the same class.
 
(d) 
Undertaking to accept, or accepting, a takeover offer.
 
(e) 
Disposing of OBM Shares under a scheme of arrangement under Part 5.1 of the Corporations Act. 
 
(f) 
Investing in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only investing in 
OBM Shares) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third 
party. 
(g) 
A disposal of OBM Shares or Incentive Plan Securities that is the result of a secured lender 
exercising their rights under a loan or security agreement, subject to the grant of security having 
been granted with approval under section 5.1.
 
(h) 
Where an OBM Person or any of their Connected Persons is a trustee, trading in the securities 
managed by that trust provided the OBM Person or their Connected Person (as applicable) is not a 
beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a prohi
bited period is taken by the other 
trustees or by the investment managers independently of the OBM Person or their Connected 
Person (as applicable).
 
(i) 
Trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the Company’s security holders, such as 
a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan or an equal 
access buy
-back, where the plan that determines the timin
g and structure of the offer has been 
approved by the Board. This includes deciding whether or not
 to take up the entitlements and the 
sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a 
renounceable pro rata issue.
 
4.3. Exceptional Circumstances 
In exceptional circumstances an Authorising Officer has discretion to approve under section 5.1:
 
(a) 
Dealings in OBM Shares during a Blackout Period; or 
 
(b) 
other Dealings,
 
that would otherwise be prohibited by this Policy but are not prohibited by law.
 
What constitutes “exceptional circumstances” will be assessed on a case
-by-case basis within the 
absolute discretion of the Authorising Officer, and may include, without limitation, severe financial 
hardship or a requirement to comply with a court order or
 court enforceable undertaking.
 
5. 
Notification and approval of Dealings 
5.1. Notification and approval of restricted Dealings 
(a) 
Before a Restricted Person (or any of their Connected Persons) Deals in OBM Shares they must:
 
(i) 
notify the relevant person in section 
(c) (Authorising Officer) of the proposed Dealing using 
the Securities Trading Request Form on the Company’s intranet site;
 
(ii) 
confirm that they are not in possession of any Inside Information; and 
 
(iii) 
obtain the written approval from the Authorising Officer, which approval may be given or 
refused by the Authorising Officer in his or her discretion and without the need to give any 
reasons. 
(b) 
Before an OBM Person does any other thing requiring them to obtain approval under this Policy they 
must: 
(i) 
notify the relevant Authorising Officer of the proposed activity; and 
 
For personal use only

  
 
JUNE 2026 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
6 
(ii) 
obtain the written approval from the Authorising Officer.
 
(c) 
The relevant Authorising Officers are as follows:
 
Person seeking authorisation 
Authorising Officer 
Chair of the Board
 
The chair of the Audit and Risk Committee
 
Managing Director
 
The chair of the Board or, in their absence, the chair of the 
Audit and Risk Committee.
 
Any other person 
The Managing Director or, in their absence, the chair of the 
Board. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a person seeking approval cannot be their own Authorising Officer.
 
5.2. Approval may be conditional 
(a) 
Any written approval granted under this Policy will be valid for the period of 5 trading days from the 
time which it is given, or such other period as may be determined by the Authorising Officer. The 
expiry time will be stated in the written approval. 
 
(b) 
Written approval under this Policy may be withdrawn by the Authorising Officer in writing, in person 
or by email at any time during the approval period.
 
(c) 
A decision to refuse approval is final and binding on the OBM Person seeking approval and must be 
kept confidential. For the avoidance of doubt, a decision to refuse approval will not restrict an OBM 
Person from submitting a subsequent request for approval
 to Deal under section 
5.1. 
(d) 
Any approval to Deal under this Policy is not an endorsement of the proposed Dealing, and the 
person doing the Dealing remains individually responsible for their investment decision and their 
compliance with insider trading laws.
 
5.3. Notification of exempt Dealings 
To enable the Company to comply with its reporting obligations, a member of Key Management Personnel 
must immediately (and no later than two business days after any relevant event) notify the Company 
Secretary in writing of the occurrence of any Dealing (i
ncluding any exempt Dealing under this Policy), 
including all information required to enable the Company to make the necessary notifications to the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission and ASX as required under the Corporations Act and 
ASX List ing Rules.  
6. 
General 
(a) 
The requirements imposed by this Policy are in addition to legal prohibitions on insider trading.
 
(b) 
A breach of this Policy will be regarded seriously and may lead to disciplinary action, including 
dismissal. 
(c) 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Corporations Act and this Policy, the Corporations Act 
will apply. 
(d) 
This Policy will be made available on the OBM website. 
 
(e) 
If you require any further information or assistance, or
 are uncertain about the application of the 
law or this Policy in any situation, please contact the Company Secretary.
 
For personal use only
