 
Pacific Current Group Limited 
ACN 006 708 792 
Securities Trading Policy 
1. What is this policy? 
 
This policy sets out your obligations in relation to dealing in securities, including Pacific Current Group 
Limited Securities. 
2. Why do we need this policy? 
 
Insider trading laws operate to prohibit people in possession of non-public price sensitive information 
from dealing in Securities or passing on the information to other people who may deal in Securities. 
 
As an ASX listed entity, it is important that there are clear guidelines from Pacific Current on when you 
may and may not trade in Pacific Current Securities and when you must advise Pacific Current of such 
trading.  This Policy provides these guidelines which you must recognise alongside your own 
assessment of the actual information you possess so as to comply with the insider trading laws. 
 
Pacific Current expects that its People will not deal in Securities of other listed entities which would 
result in them personally breaching any insider trading law. 
3. Who does the policy apply to? 
 
3.1. This policy covers Pacific Current Group Limited and each of its controlled entities (Pacific 
Current) and all Pacific Current Directors, officers, employees and contractors (Employees) 
globally.  
 
3.2. This policy also imposes additional restrictions (described in section 4) on the following Restricted 
Persons: 
• 
all Pacific Current Directors; 
• 
all executive direct reports (Senior Executives) to the Board and/or an Executive Director 
(if applicable); 
• 
other employees and contractors of Pacific Current that have been identified as Restricted 
Persons due to the nature of their position, including Senior Leaders and members of 
Pacific Current’s delegated or advisory committees; 
• 
Associates of Restricted Persons; and 
• 
other persons identified by the Pacific Current Board from time to time. 
4. How to comply with this policy? 
 
4.1 
Insider trading and general obligations 
 
4.1.1 
Prohibition 
 
If a person has any inside information (as defined below in section 4.1.3) about Pacific Current 
(or another relevant entity) which is not publicly known, it is a criminal offence to: 
• 
trade in Pacific Current Securities (or Securities of another relevant entity); 
• 
advise or procure another person to trade in Pacific Current Securities (or Securities of 
another relevant entity); or 
• 
pass on (directly or indirectly) inside information to someone else (including colleagues, 
family or friends) knowing (or where you should have reasonably known) that the other 
person will, or is likely to, use that information to trade in, or procure someone else to trade 
in, Pacific Current Securities (or Securities of another relevant entity). 
For personal use only

PACIFIC CURRENT GROUP LIMITED 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY                                                                                                                                                                                             2 | P a g e 
 
 
4.1.2 Consequences of insider trading 
 
This offence, called insider trading, can subject you to: 
• 
criminal liability including large fines and/or imprisonment; 
• 
a civil penalty; and 
• 
civil liability, which may include being sued for any loss suffered as a result of illegal 
trading. 
 
 
4.1.3 Inside information 
 
Inside information is information that: 
• 
is not generally available; and 
• 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material 
  
effect on the price or value of Securities or on a decision to buy or sell Securities. 
 
What constitutes inside information will differ for each entity. With respect to Pacific Current, 
examples may include information relating to: 
• 
financial performance, financial forecasts or expectations of Pacific Current; 
• 
mergers, acquisitions, investments and divestments of Pacific Current;  
• 
significant new contracts of Pacific Current; 
• 
a significant change in law or Government policy that may have a material impact on 
Pacific Current;  
• 
Pacific Current becoming a plaintiff or defendant in a major law suit; and/or 
• 
changes to the Pacific Current Board. 
 
(Note that this is not an exhaustive list). 
 
Importantly, you do not need to be an insider to come across inside information.  That is, it 
does not matter how you come to know the inside information (for example, you could learn 
it in the course of carrying out your responsibilities, in passing in the corridor, in a lift or at a 
dinner party). 
 
 
4.1.4 Insider trading is prohibited at all times 
 
If you possess inside information, you must not buy or sell Pacific Current Securities (or 
Securities of another relevant entity), advise or procure others to do so, or pass on the inside 
information to others.  This prohibition applies regardless of how you learn the information. 
 
The insider trading prohibitions apply even when a trade falls within an exclusion to the 
restrictions on trading set out in this policy as listed in section 4.3.91 if it is undertaken by, or 
procured by, someone in possession of inside information at the time of the trade.  The 
acquisition of Pacific Current Securities under a Pacific Current employee incentive scheme 
is specifically excluded from the insider trading prohibitions in the Corporations Act.1 
 
4.2   
Confidential information 
 
You have a duty of confidentiality to Pacific Current.  You must not reveal any confidential 
information concerning Pacific Current in an unauthorised manner, use that information in any 
way which may cause damage or loss to Pacific Current, or use that confidential information to 
gain an advantage for yourself. 
 
 
1 Corporations Regulation 9.12.01(b) 
For personal use only

PACIFIC CURRENT GROUP LIMITED 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY                                                                                                                                                                                             3 | P a g e 
 
 
Pacific Current commits a duty of confidentiality to clients and third parties.  Pacific Current 
expects that you will not reveal any confidential information concerning another entity in an 
unauthorised manner, use that information in any way which may cause damage or loss to Pacific 
Current or that entity, or use that confidential information to gain an advantage for yourself. 
 
4.3 Trading in Pacific Current Securities 
4.3.1 
Restricted Persons 
 
Additional restrictions (described below in sections 4.3.3 and 4.3.5) on trading Pacific Current 
Securities apply to Restricted Persons.  The additional restrictions in this policy do not prohibit 
Restricted Persons from acquiring Pacific Current Securities as a result of the events listed under 
section 4.3.9, provided they are not in possession of inside information at the time of the trade. 
 
For example, although the additional restrictions would not ordinarily apply to a Restricted 
Person’s participation in a Pacific Current dividend reinvestment plan (if active), a Restricted 
Person must not make an election to participate or cease participation in a dividend reinvestment 
plan if they are in possession of inside information (see section 4.1.4). 
4.3.2 
Reasons for additional restrictions on Restricted Persons 
 
Restricted Persons are in positions where they may come into possession of inside information 
and, as a result, any trading by Restricted Persons might reflect adversely on them or on Pacific 
Current Group (even if a Restricted Person has no actual inside information at the time).  This 
policy is designed to avoid the possibility that misconceptions, misunderstandings or suspicions 
might arise due to trading in Pacific Current Securities by Restricted Persons. 
4.3.3 
Restrictions on trading in Blackout Periods  
a) Restricted Persons, subject to sections 4.3.9 and 4.3.10, may not buy or sell Pacific Current 
Securities during a Blackout Period. 
b) “Blackout Periods” are times when Restricted Persons must not deal in the Company’s 
securities. 
The following are mandated Blackout Periods: 
i. from the close of the ASX trading day on 15 December each year, until 10:00am AEST on 
the ASX trading day following the day on which the Company's half yearly results are 
released to the ASX;  
ii. from the close of the ASX trading day on 15 June each year, until 10:00am AEST on the 
ASX trading day following the day on which the Company's full year results are released to 
the ASX; 
iii. from the close of the ASX trading day two weeks prior to the date of the Company’s AGM 
until 10:00am AEST on the ASX trading day following the date of the Company’s AGM; and 
iv. from the close of the ASX trading day at least one week prior to the anticipated dates for 
release of quarterly Funds under Management announcements (that is, 31 January, 30 
April, 31 July, and 31 October); and 
v. any other period that the Board specifies from time to time. 
If any of the dates referred to in clauses 4.3.3(b)(i)-(iv) are not ASX trading days, then the Blackout 
Period begins on the preceding ASX trading day. 
 
Other than during Blackout Periods, Restricted Persons may, subject to the prior clearance and 
notification requirements in section 4.3.4, deal in Pacific Current Securities as a matter of course.   
 
There may be instances when Pacific Current may impose an ad-hoc Blackout Period, for 
example, if there is in existence price sensitive information that has not been disclosed as a result 
of Pacific Current's reliance on an exception under the Listing Rules of the ASX.  In this situation, 
Restricted Persons will be notified by Pacific Current that a Blackout Period is in place, and no 
For personal use only

PACIFIC CURRENT GROUP LIMITED 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY                                                                                                                                                                                             4 | P a g e 
 
trading is permitted, whether or not you are personally aware of the existence of inside 
information. 
 
If Pacific Current notifies you that a Blackout Period is in place, Restricted Persons should 
not trade. 
4.3.4 
Clearance procedures 
 
For Restricted Persons:  If a Restricted Person proposes to deal in Pacific Current Securities at 
any time, they must: 
(i) 
if applicable, obtain prior written clearance to deal in Pacific Current Securities from the 
relevant authorising officer noted in the table below (Authorising Officer); and / or 
(ii) provide prior written notice of their intention to deal in Pacific Current Securities to the 
Company Secretary; and 
(iii) provide confirmation to the relevant person(s) noted in the table below that they are not in 
possession of inside information, 
 
before the proposed dealing. 
 
Restricted Person 
Authorising Officer 
Prior notification to the  
Company Secretary 
Chair of the Pacific Current Board 
Chair of the Audit and Risk 
Committee 
Yes 
Other Pacific Current Directors  
Chair of the Pacific Current 
Board 
Yes 
Senior Executives, Senior  
Leaders and other persons  
identified by Pacific Current Group 
from time to time as Restricted 
Persons 
Chair of the Pacific Current 
Audit & Risk Committee or the 
Company Secretary  
Yes 
 
If granted to a Director, Senior Executive or Senior Leader, consent to trade is only valid for a 
period of five trading days after notification of approval, unless otherwise notified by the 
Authorising Officer to the Restricted Person. Trading consent is automatically deemed to be 
withdrawn if the person becomes aware of inside information prior to trading. 
 
Any approval to trade can be given, withdrawn or refused by Pacific Current in its discretion 
without giving any reasons.  A decision to refuse approval is final and binding on the person 
seeking the approval.  If approval to trade Pacific Current Securities is refused, the person 
seeking the approval must keep that information confidential and not disclose it to anyone. Any 
approval to trade under this policy is not an endorsement from Pacific Current and the person 
undertaking the trade is individually responsible for their investment decisions and their 
compliance with insider trading laws. 
 
The insider trading prohibitions apply even when a trade is permitted under this section if it is 
undertaken by, or procured by, someone in possession of inside information at the time of the 
trade (see section 4.1.4). 
  
4.3.5 
Requirements of Restricted Persons after trading 
 
Once a Restricted Person has completed a trade in Pacific Current Securities, the Authorising 
Officer (if applicable) described in section 4.3.4 and in all cases, the Company Secretary, must 
be: 
• 
advised that the trade has been completed and attach the trade confirmation; and 
For personal use only

PACIFIC CURRENT GROUP LIMITED 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY                                                                                                                                                                                             5 | P a g e 
 
• 
in the case of Pacific Current Directors, provided with sufficient information to enable Pacific 
Current to comply with its ASX reporting obligations.  This information must be provided to 
ASX as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than five business days 
after the date of the change. Accordingly, Pacific Current Directors must provide the relevant 
information to the Company Secretary within three business days of the change. 
 
4.3.6 
No speculative short-term trading 
Restricted Persons should not trade in Pacific Current Securities on a short-term basis or for 
speculative trading gain. 
 
4.3.7 
No hedging 
A Restricted Person must not engage in hedging arrangements, deal in derivatives or enter into 
other arrangements which vary economic risk related to Pacific Current Securities including, for 
example, dealing in warrants, equity swaps, put and call options, contracts for difference and 
other contracts intended to secure a profit or avoid a loss based on fluctuations in the price of 
Pacific Current Securities. 
This prohibition includes engaging in hedging or other arrangements that would have the effect of 
limiting the economic risk in connection with Pacific Current Securities including Securities which 
are unvested, subject to a holding lock or issued pursuant to a Pacific Current equity-based 
remuneration scheme. 
 
4.3.8 
Margin lending 
Restricted Persons are permitted to take out margin loans over their holdings in Pacific Current 
Securities provided they first comply with the applicable clearance and notification process as set 
out in section 4.3.4. 
However, Restricted Persons must ensure they have sufficient available cash or collateral to meet 
margin calls, including in periods of volatility. 
 
4.3.9 
Permitted dealings 
 
Certain types of dealing are excluded from the operation of this policy and may be undertaken at 
any time (subject to complying with the insider trading prohibitions outlined above in section 
4.1.4), including the following (and any other permitted dealings as approved by the Pacific 
Current Board from time to time and notified to Restricted Persons): 
• 
no underlying change to the beneficial owner of Securities - the additional restrictions in 
this policy do not prohibit Restricted Persons from transferring Securities where there is no 
change to the beneficial owner of the Securities. However, the additional restrictions will 
apply to any subsequent trading of Pacific Current Securities transferred; 
• 
employee incentive schemes2 - the additional restrictions in this policy do not prohibit 
Restricted Persons from acquiring Securities or exercising an option or right under a Pacific 
Current employee incentive scheme subject to the terms of the relevant employee incentive 
scheme. However, the additional restrictions will apply to any subsequent trading of Pacific 
Current Securities acquired under an employee incentive scheme and the Restricted Person 
must make an election to participate or cease participation in an employee incentive scheme 
when they are not in possession of inside information; 
• 
dividend reinvestment plan - the additional restrictions in this policy do not prohibit 
Restricted Persons from acquiring Securities under a Pacific Current dividend reinvestment 
plan (if active). However, the additional restrictions will apply to any subsequent trading of 
Pacific Current Securities acquired under a dividend reinvestment plan and the Restricted 
Person must make an election to participate or cease participation in a dividend 
reinvestment plan when they are not in possession of inside information; 
• 
rights offer, share purchase plans and buy-backs (or other pro-rata/generalised 
offers) - trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, such 
 
2 Corporations Regulation 9.12.01(b) 
For personal use only

PACIFIC CURRENT GROUP LIMITED 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY                                                                                                                                                                                             6 | P a g e 
 
as a rights issue, a security plan purchase and an equal access buy-back, where the plan 
that determines the timing and structure of the offer has been approved by the Pacific 
Current Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements 
and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of 
entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
• 
third party discretion - an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme 
(other than a scheme only investing in Pacific Current Securities) where the assets of the 
fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party; and 
• 
disposal under margin lending arrangement - an involuntary disposal of securities that 
results from a margin lender or financier exercising its rights under a margin lending or other 
secured financing arrangement that has previously been approved in accordance with this 
policy. 
 
4.3.10 
Exceptional circumstances 
 
If a Restricted Person needs to deal in Pacific Current Securities due to exceptional circumstances 
but such dealing would breach this policy, the Restricted Person must apply to the Authorising 
Officer described in section 4.3.4 for a waiver from compliance with the provisions in sections 4.3.4 
or 4.3.5. 
 
If no Authorising Officer is described in section 4.3.4, the Restricted Person must apply to the 
Company Secretary. 
 
Exceptional circumstances include severe financial hardship, compulsion by a court order or any 
other circumstances that are deemed exceptional by the person described in section 4.3.4. 
The Restricted Person seeking a waiver under this section must apply in writing (for example, via 
email) to the person described in section 4.3.4 (or the Company Secretary if no person is 
described in section 4.3.4): 
(a) setting out the circumstances of the proposed dealing (including an explanation as to the 
severe financial hardship or circumstances that are otherwise exceptional) and the reason 
the waiver is requested; and 
(b) provide confirmation to the relevant person(s) that they are not in possession of inside 
information. 
 
A waiver will only be granted if the Restricted - Person's application is accompanied by sufficient 
evidence (in the opinion of the relevant person described in section 4.3.4 or the Company 
Secretary, as applicable) that the dealing of the relevant Securities is the most reasonable course 
of action available in the circumstances. 
 
If a waiver is granted, the Restricted Person will be notified in writing.  The duration of the waiver 
to deal in Securities will be five trading days, unless otherwise notified by the Authorising Officer 
to the Restricted Person. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this section must comply 
with the other sections of this policy (to the extent applicable). The insider trading prohibitions 
apply even when a trade falls within this section if it is undertaken by, or procured by, someone in 
possession of inside information at the time of the trade. 
 
4.4 
Trading in other companies’ Securities 
 
While there are no notification requirements for trading in other companies’ Securities, Pacific 
Current expects that you will not reveal any confidential information concerning another entity in 
an unauthorised manner, use that information in any way which may cause damage or loss to 
Pacific Current or that entity, or use that confidential information to gain an advantage for 
yourself, including trading on inside information about another entity.  It is your responsibility to 
retain your own records on trading in other companies’ Securities.  
 
 
For personal use only

PACIFIC CURRENT GROUP LIMITED 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY                                                                                                                                                                                             7 | P a g e 
 
 
5. 
  How will policy compliance be monitored? 
5.1 Reporting/Monitoring 
You should report any suspected breaches to your manager or the Company Secretary. 
5.2 Non-compliance 
Strict compliance with this policy is a condition of employment or engagement by Pacific Current. 
Breaches of this policy will be regarded as serious misconduct and may lead to disciplinary action, 
which may include termination of employment or engagement by Pacific Current. 
5.3 Confirmation of Compliance 
Directors, Senior Executives and Employees must, upon request, confirm that they have complied 
with the requirements of this policy. 
 
6      What are the relevant procedures? 
6.1 You may also be subject to related Pacific Current or Divisional policies that cover dealing in 
Securities, communicating information or conflicts of interest, for example the Code of Conduct. 
6.2 You must also comply with the requirements of those policies, in addition to the requirements set 
out in this policy.  Please contact the Company Secretary for further information. 
6.    Review 
This Policy is reviewed periodically by the Policy owner (Chief Financial Officer). Non-material 
changes to the Policy may be approved by the Policy owner and are noted by the Pacific Current 
Board. Material changes to the Policy must be submitted to the Board for approval following support 
from the Audit & Risk Committee (ARC). The Policy must be submitted to the Board for approval at 
least every second year regardless of the materiality of the changes. 
 
7.    Approved and Adopted 
    This policy was last approved and adopted by the Board on 29 May 2026. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

PACIFIC CURRENT GROUP LIMITED 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY                                                                                                                                                                                             8 | P a g e 
 
9. 
Definitions 
Term 
Definition 
Associates 
For the purposes of this policy, your associates include: 
• 
your spouse or partner 
• 
your dependent children 
• 
any trustee of a trust or other fiduciary arrangement under which you, 
your spouse or partner or your dependent children, is or may be a 
beneficiary;  
• 
any company in which you hold (directly or indirectly) a majority of the 
shares or otherwise control (directly or indirectly); and  
• 
any other entity in which you are a director, secretary or executive 
officer  
ASX 
Australian Securities Exchange. 
Securities 
For the purposes of this policy Securities means shares, debentures, 
options or rights to subscribe for new shares and options over existing 
shares, interests in managed investment schemes, warrant contracts, 
derivatives and any other financial products that are able to be traded on a 
financial market. 
Pacific Current 
Securities 
Pacific Current Group Limited Securities, as traded on ASX.  
 
Document Version Control 
 
#Version 
Date 
Supported 
Approved 
Key changes 
1 
30 August 2019 
- 
Board 
- 
2 
10 December 2020 
RNGC  
Board 
Inclusion of policy review process and 
other minor editing and formatting 
changes to provide clarity. 
3 
24 February 2022 
ARC 
Board 
Minor clarification edits and formatting 
changes. Inclusion of Addendum for 
QGQ trading 
4 
18 April 2024 
ARC 
Board 
Changes to reflect new organisation 
structure 
5 
29 May 2026 
- 
Board 
Changes to remove references to 
Trading Window and include Blackout 
Period. 
 
 
For personal use only
