ASX 
Announcement 
16th June 2017 
 
Predictive Discovery 
Limited is a gold 
exploration company 
with strong technical 
capabilities focused on 
its advanced gold 
exploration projects in 
West Africa. 
 
ASX: PDI 
Issued Capital: 163 
million shares  
Share Price: 8.0 cents 
Market Capitalisation: 
$13.1M 
 
 
Directors 
 
Phillip Jackson 
Non-Exec Chairman 
 
Paul Roberts  
Managing Director 
 
David Kelly  
Non-Executive Director 
 
 
 
 
REVISED POLICY FOR TRADING IN COMPANY 
SECURITIES 
The Board of Predictive Discovery Limited approved a revised Share Trading 
Policy on 13 June 2017. 
A copy is lodged with ASX in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10. 
The Share Trading Policy is also available on the Company’s website at: 
http://www.predictivediscovery.com/downloads/PD_share-trading-policy.pdf 
 
 
-ENDS- 
Attachment: Share Trading Policy 
For further details please contact: 
 
Paul Roberts 
Managing Director 
Tel: +61 402 857 249 
Email: 
paul.roberts@predictivediscovery.com 
 
Ric Moore 
Company Secretary 
Tel: +61 8 6143 1840 
Email:                                            
rmoore@auroraminerals.com 
 
For personal use only

 
Company Share Trading Policy 
June 2017 
 
 
INSIDER TRADING 
 
It is unlawful for anyone (including Company employees and consultants) to trade 
(including buying or selling) securities (shares and options) whilst that person is in 
possession of information not generally available to the public that may have a material 
impact (either positive or negative) on the price or value of such securities. 
 
It is also unlawful to pass on any such “inside information” to another person if you know 
or ought reasonably to know that this person is likely to trade or have some other 
person trade in those securities. 
 
The penalties for a breach of the above provision are severe, including substantial fines 
and imprisonment. 
 
The bodies that regulate companies and share trading regularly monitor trading in 
company securities, particularly before announcements of significant new information. 
 
The sorts of information that might be “price sensitive” include: exploration (including 
drilling) results; assay results; proposed transaction (including joint ventures, buying or 
selling assets, applying for or being granted new mining tenements) by the Company; 
the raising of capital or the issue of securities; changes in the Board or senior 
management; and profit results and dividends. 
 
In addition to the above being unlawful, it is Company policy that employees, 
consultants and Directors comply with these rules and a breach will be considered by 
the Company to be a very serious matter and could result in the termination of such 
relationships with the Company. 
 
PROPOSED TRADING 
 
To help people determine if a proposed transaction in the Company’s securities might 
breach these laws, it is a requirement that any employee, consultant or Director 
proposing to trade in Company securities first advise the Chairman (in writing) of the 
details of such proposed trade and not trade until the Chairman advise that such trade 
is permissible.  
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Company Share Trading Policy 
June 2017 
 
 
In such a case, the Chairman will seek to determine if he believes that the Company is 
in possession of inside information or that such proposed trade is, for any other reason, 
not in the best interests of the Company. If neither of these circumstances applies, then 
the Chairman will advise (in writing) the person seeking to trade that the same is 
permissible under this policy. 
 
Such approval would not constitute a representation that such person would not be in 
breach of the law in so trading, as it is such person’s obligation to make such 
determination. None-the-less, this process is designed to assist the person in making 
such determination. The Chairman will endeavor to respond quickly and, in any event, 
within 3 business days. 
 
SHORT-TERM TRADING 
 
It is also a policy of the Company that employees, consultants and Directors not engage 
in “short-term” trading in securities in the Company or in any close business associate 
(such as a joint venture partner, major supplier, major buyer etc) of the Company. 
Short-term trading means buying and selling the same security within 30 days. 
 
CLOSED PERIODS (CP) Policy 
 
There are periods of time, called “closed periods”, during which it is prohibited, under 
this policy, that the Company’s directors, employees and such of the Company’s 
contractors that the Company shall advise are covered by this provision (“Person”) trade 
in the Company’s securities or in any derivatives created over or in respect of the 
Company’s securities. 
 
Closed Period mean a time period commencing 2 business days prior and extending to 
the date and time of the announcement by the Company of its quarterly, half-year or full 
year results (“Announcement Date”).   
 
A Person who wishes to seek exemption from this prohibition in order to sell securities 
during a closed period and who believes that he is subject to exceptional circumstances 
may seek (in writing) permission from the Chairman to so trade. If the Chairman is of 
the opinion that exceptional circumstances do exist in relation to that Person he may 
give permission (in writing) to such Person to so trade during a specified period of time 
and, in those circumstances, such Person would not be in breach of this CP policy in so 
trading.  
For personal use only

 
Company Share Trading Policy 
June 2017 
 
 
Exceptional circumstances include where the Person wishing to trade is in severe 
financial hardship. This may include where a Person has a pressing financial 
commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling such securities. Also 
included may be where the Person is required by a court order or enforceable 
undertakings or some other legal or regulatory requirement to sell the securities. 
 
Trading that the Company may consider excluded from this CP policy includes where 
the trading results in no change in a beneficial interest in the securities (change of name 
on register only); where trading occurs via investment in a scheme or other 
arrangement where the investment decisions are exercised by a third party , where the 
Person has no control or influence with respect to trading decisions; and where the 
trading occurs under an offer to all or most of the securities holders of the Company. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Chairman determines that exceptional 
circumstance exist a key management personnel may still not trade the Company 
securities if to do so would be a breach of insider trading provisions of the Corporations 
Act or Australian Securities Exchange restrictions (e.g. Listing Rule prohibitions on 
trading in securities during closed periods). 
 
DIRECTOR’S SECURITIES HOLDINGS 
 
The Company will maintain a register of the securities holdings of Directors and each 
Director shall promptly (within one business day) report to the Company officer 
maintaining that register the details of any change in such holdings of such Director. 
 
CONFIRMATION OF TRADING 
 
Where a proposed transaction is approved under this policy, the details of the carrying 
out of such transaction shall promptly (with 3 business days) be provided (in writing) to 
the Chairman. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Company Share Trading Policy 
June 2017 
 
 
OBLIGATIONS ON CHAIRMAN 
 
Where an obligation under this policy applies to the Chairman, then any approval or 
notification that would otherwise be required to be made to the Chairman shall be made 
to the Managing Director. 
 
COMMENTS & PRESENTATIONS  
 
It is inevitable that employees, consultants and Directors are asked to or, as part of their 
role, make comments on the Company and its operations. If it is not part of a Person’s 
role to make such comments it is often better to simply decline to do so. If it is 
necessary (or part of a person’s role) to comment, it is very important that inside 
information not be passed on. Also, when the person or the Company is in receipt of 
inside information, no recommendation or comment should be made in respect of 
trading in the Company’s securities, not withstanding that the inside information is not 
passed on. 
 
Company representatives should also avoid alluding to various developments by 
inference.  Examples of this could include: “I can’t tell you the results of the [exploration 
activity] but you won’t be disappointed” or “I think you will be impressed with the results 
when released”.  In such circumstances, it is appropriate for Company representatives 
to make no comment or to say they are “unable to comment at this time” (without further 
elaboration). 
 
Where it is necessary or desirable to make comments or presentations on the Company 
these must be limited to information contained in presentations or releases approved by 
the Managing Director, which will usually have been released to the Australian 
Securities Exchange and copied to the Company’s website. 
 
AUDIT 
 
The Company may conduct audits to seek to verify compliance with these policies. 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only
