 
 
 
 
Level 25, Australia Square Tower, 264 George Street, Sydney, NSW 2000  |  PO Box R1313, Royal Exchange, NSW 1225  |  
www.pinnacleinvestment.com 
 
4 December 2025 
 
By Electronic Lodgement 
 
Market Announcements Office 
ASX Ltd 
Level 27 
39 Martin Place 
SYDNEY NSW 2000 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam 
 
Updated Personal Trading Policy  
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, Pinnacle Investment Management Group Limited (ASX: PNI) 
(Company) advises that its Personal Trading Policy has been updated.  
 
A copy of the updated Personal Trading Policy is attached to this announcement and also available at the 
Company’s website at https://pinnacleinvestment.com/shareholders. 
 
 
Authorised by: 
 
Terence Kwong 
Company Secretary 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pinnacle Investment Management Group Limited 
 
 
Personal Trading Policy – PNI Securities 
 
For personal use only

 
 
Table of contents 
1 
Scope and Application ................................................................................................................................. 1 
2 
Objective ...................................................................................................................................................... 1 
3 
Insider trading .............................................................................................................................................. 1 
4 
Specific rules ............................................................................................................................................... 2 
5 
Trade approval ............................................................................................................................................. 4 
6 
Exceptions ................................................................................................................................................... 4 
7 
Reporting requirements ............................................................................................................................... 5 
8 
Consequences of non-compliance ............................................................................................................... 5 
9 
Amendments to this Policy ........................................................................................................................... 5 
Glossary .................................................................................................................................................................. 6 
For personal use only

 
 
1
1 
Scope and Application 
1.1 Policy Owner 
The owner of this policy is Risk & Compliance. 
For any questions, please contact: risk.compliance@pinnacleinvestment.com or a member of Risk & 
Compliance. 
1.2 Scope 
Unless otherwise stated, this Policy applies to Directors, employees, consultants and contractors (as applicable) 
of the Group (Personnel) and their Associates.  
In relation to a Personnel member, Associates means: 
• 
close family members over whom the Personnel member has influence, including but not limited to a 
spouse/partner and children; 
• 
any company or trust in which the Personnel member controls or has an interest; and 
• 
any superannuation fund or account in which the Personnel member has an interest or has the ability to 
instruct trading decisions e.g. SMSF.  
The Board may determine that this Policy is not to apply to a Personnel member’s Associate. This will be 
determined following an application from the Personnel member to Risk & Compliance with reasons as to why 
the Policy should not apply to the Associate. This will be assessed by Risk & Compliance and referred to the 
Board for consideration. All derogations will be documented by Risk & Compliance in the Policy Derogation 
Register. 
Derogations will only be granted where there are no actual, potential or apparent conflicts of interest. 
Personnel that are located in jurisdictions other than Australia must consider local rules and regulations that may 
require practices other than those set out in this Policy. Where local rules and regulations are more stringent than 
those outlined in this Policy, the local rules and regulations will always prevail. If there is a direct conflict between 
local rules and regulations and the requirements under this Policy, Senior Management must seek a documented 
derogation from the Policy Owner prior to implementing any local policies or procedures. The derogation, if 
approved, will be added to the Policy Derogation Register by Risk & Compliance. 
2 
Objective 
This Policy is designed to: 
 
advise Personnel of the restrictions on trading in PNI Securities which apply to them and their Associates; 
 
establish rules for Personnel in relation to trading in PNI Securities to minimise the risk of Insider Trading 
or when there may be a perception that Personnel are in possession of Inside Information; and 
 
assist with maintaining the confidence of the market in PNI Securities and guarding against reputational 
damage arising from allegations of illegal or improper trading in PNI Securities. 
3 
Insider Trading 
3.1 What is Insider Trading? 
Under Australian law (specifically, the insider trading provisions in Chapter 7.10 of the Corporations Act 2001 
which apply to the Group and its Personnel who trade in Australian securities), if you possess Inside Information 
in relation to a Security, you must not: 
 
trade (or enter into an agreement to trade) those Securities; or 
For personal use only

 
 
2
 
procure, incite, induce or encourage anyone else to trade (or enter into an agreement to trade) those 
Securities; or 
 
communicate that information to another person who you know or ought reasonably to know would or 
would be likely to apply for, trade (or enter into an agreement to trade) those Securities. 
Participation in any of these activities constitutes Insider Trading and is punishable by fines and/or 
imprisonment. A company may also be liable if a Director or an employee engages in Insider Trading. 
All Personnel are ultimately responsible for forming a view on whether or not they are in possession of Inside 
Information when trading in Securities. If there is any doubt, the safest course is not to trade. 
It is important to note that: 
• 
the purpose or motive for the trading; 
• 
whether or not a benefit was obtained from the trading; and 
• 
whether or not permission was obtained under this Policy prior to trading, 
is irrelevant when considering whether Insider Trading has taken place and Personnel should consider their 
actions from the perspective of a regulator who will have the benefit of hindsight, in taking any action in relation to 
suspected Insider Trading. 
3.2 What is Inside Information? 
Inside Information is information that is: 
 
not generally available; and 
 
if the information was generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on 
the price or value of those Securities. 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price or value of a 
Security if the information would or would be likely to influence persons who regularly trade such Securities in 
deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of such Securities. 
4 
Specific rules 
Prohibited periods 
Personnel may not trade in PNI Securities (including electing to participate or varying participation in a dividend 
reinvestment plan) during a Fixed Prohibited Period. There are two Fixed Prohibited Periods, being: 
 
the period beginning at 8am on 1 July and ending at 5pm on the first full trading day following the 
announcement to the ASX of PNI’s annual financial results; and 
Examples of Inside Information may include the following in respect of a company, scheme or other entity to 
which a Security relates: 
• 
unpublished financial results; 
• 
proposed action in the form of capital raisings, dividend or distribution payments, buy-backs or new 
issues; 
• 
proposed mergers and acquisition and major purchases or disposals of assets; 
• 
new contracts beyond the size and nature of contracts normally undertaken; 
• 
proposed changes to the board of directors or key management personnel; 
• 
advance notice of significant trading in the Security; 
• 
changes to director holdings or Substantial Holdings that have not yet been announced; 
• 
material information about the entity’s clients, affiliates or possible strategic partners; and 
• 
proposed changes to a Security (for example changes to liquidity or an intention to close or 
terminate). 
For personal use only

 
 
3
 
the period beginning at 8am on 1 January and ending at 5pm on the first full trading day following the 
announcement to the ASX of PNI’s half-yearly financial results. 
Exceptional circumstances 
Personnel who are not in possession of Inside Information may apply in writing to the Chair of the Board (or in the 
Chair’s absence or the Chair’s own trading, the Chair of the ACRMC) for prior written approval to sell or 
otherwise dispose of (but not acquire) PNI Securities during a Fixed Prohibited Period in the following exceptional 
circumstances1: 
 
severe financial hardship – a person may be in severe financial hardship if he or she has a pressing 
financial commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling Securities and this is the only 
reasonable course of action available; 
 
as required by law, an order of a court or court enforceable undertakings; or 
 
in any other circumstances that are determined by the Chair of the Board or the Chair of the ACRMC to be 
exceptional circumstances,  
and only where the approver is satisfied that the transaction:  
 
would not be contrary to law; 
 
is not being undertaken for short-term or speculative gain; 
 
does not take advantage of Inside Information; and 
 
will not likely be seen by the public, press, other shareholders or ASX as unfair.  
In making the determination, the Chair of the Board or the Chair of the ACRMC will give consideration to the 
policy objectives of the ASX Listing Rules 12.9 to 12.12 and use their own discretion. 
Margin lending and other financial arrangements 
PNI discourages the use of leveraged margin lending arrangements and other secured financing arrangements 
by Personnel in relation to PNI Securities but has not prohibited their use. Personnel are required to: 
 
disclose details of any proposed margin lending arrangement or proposed secured financing arrangement 
in respect of PNI Securities, and when PNI Securities are to be sold to make repayments under such 
arrangements, to the PNI Company Secretary who will inform the Board before being the Personnel 
member enters into it; and 
 
seek prior written approval in accordance with section 6.1 to transferring PNI Securities into a margin loan 
account or granting a security over PNI Securities as part of a secured financing arrangement.  
PNI may, at its discretion, make any approval granted to a Personnel member conditional upon such terms and 
conditions as PNI sees fit (for example, in regards to the circumstances in which the PNI Securities may be sold 
to satisfy a margin call). 
Disclosure of a Director’s margin lending or secured financing arrangement will be required to be made to the 
ASX if there is a change in the Director’s interest in Securities or if the Board determines that the existence of 
such arrangement would have a material effect on the price or value of Securities. 
“At risk” remuneration 
Personnel must not trade in PNI Securities as part of a hedging arrangement aimed at limiting exposure in 
relation to part of their “at risk” remuneration. 
Holding Period 
PNI Securities must be held for a minimum period of 2 months. This does not apply to PNI Securities received via 
involuntary corporate actions or vesting of securities. Where there is an existing holding and more PNI Securities 
are purchased, the holding period is 2 months for all new and existing PNI Securities.   
 
 
1 ASX Guidance Note 27 provides guidance around “exceptional circumstances”.2 ASX Listing Rule 12.10 requires a further 
copy of the trading policy to be provided to the ASX in the event that there is a material change in the policy. 
For personal use only

 
 
4
Should any Personnel member require an exemption from the holding period, a written request can be lodged 
with the Authorising Officer as per the table within section 5.1, outlining the need for the derogation, e.g. financial 
hardship.   
5 
Trade approval 
5.1 Approval process 
All Personnel must seek prior approval from their authorising officer(s) in relation to trading (either personally or 
through an Associate) as per the below table: 
Personnel member 
Authorising officer 
In their absence 
Chair of the Board 
Chair of the ACRMC 
Managing Director 
PNI Directors, KMP and 
Company Secretary 
Chair of the Board 
Chair of the ACRMC 
All other Personnel 
PNI Company Secretary 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Personnel must seek approval to trade by submitting a personal trading request. Personnel will be required to: 
• 
provide information regarding the trade they wish to make, including trading direction, quantity / value of 
trade, account that the transaction will occur and proposed trading price; 
• 
confirm that that they have read and understood this Policy and the rules applicable to their trade; and 
• 
confirm that that they are not in possession of any Inside Information. 
5.2 Approval 
Any approval to trade: 
 
requires that the order must be placed by the close of the following business day after receiving approval; 
 
is valid for a period of 5 business days only; 
 
can be given or refused at the authorising officer’s discretion and without providing reasons. If approval is 
refused, the person seeking approval should keep that response confidential; 
 
may be withdrawn if there is a change in circumstances; and 
 
is final and binding on the person seeking approval. 
6 
Exceptions 
Personnel do not need to obtain approval for the following: 
 
corporate actions applicable to all or most holders of the relevant Securities, such as dividend 
reinvestment plans, pro-rata entitlements (e.g. securities purchase plans, rights issues and bonus issues) 
and compulsory acquisitions; 
Any approval to trade received under this Policy (whether in exceptional circumstances or otherwise) 
will not prevent a breach of the law on Insider Trading, nor should be seen as any endorsement of 
that transaction or investment. 
If you obtain Inside Information following the submission of a trade approval request (whether before 
or after approval is granted), you must: (i) not trade (or advise anyone else to trade) the relevant 
Securities; (ii) indicate that the trade will not proceed in MCO; and (iii) advise the authorising officer 
that the trade will not proceed as soon as practicable. 
For personal use only

 
 
5
 
trading wholly initiated by a party independent to the Personnel member (e.g. a margin call related sale of 
stock initiated by the margin lender); 
 
the exercise (but not the sale of PNI Securities following exercise) of a PNI-issued option or a right under 
an employee incentive scheme, or the conversion of a convertible Security, where the final date for the 
exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of the Security, falls during a Fixed Prohibited Period and 
the Personnel member could not reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a time when free to do 
so; 
 
transfers of PNI Securities already held by a Personnel member into a superannuation fund or other 
saving scheme in which the Personnel member is a beneficiary; 
 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; or 
 
trading under a predetermined investment or divestment trading plan for which prior written clearance 
from the authorising officer has been obtained and where the Personnel member did not enter into the 
plan or amend the plan during a Fixed Prohibited Period and the trading plan does not permit the 
Personnel member to exercise any influence or discretion over how, when, or whether to trade. 
7 
Reporting requirements 
Personnel are required to: 
 
upload copies of all trade confirmations for approved trade requests (or otherwise indicate that the trade 
did not proceed) via MCO (the Group’s governance, risk and compliance system); 
 
maintain up to date records of their holdings in Securities and provide such records to Risk & Compliance 
upon request; and 
 
attest that they have read, understood and complied with this Policy prior to each trade and annually. 
It is important for regulatory probity reasons to be able to produce records of all trades if required as ASIC has 
the power to demand a register of interests from any Personnel member. 
Personnel must report to Risk & Compliance any breaches of this Policy by themselves or an Associate. 
8 
Consequences of non-compliance 
A breach of this Policy will be regarded as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action up to and 
including summary dismissal. 
9 
Amendments to this Policy 
Any amendments to this Policy must be approved by the ACRMC and, if material, submitted to ASX for release to 
the market within 5 business days of the amendments taking effect2. Changes that are likely to be considered 
material include, but are not limited to: 
 
changes to the Fixed Prohibited Periods; 
 
changes with respect to the exceptional circumstances; and 
 
changes with respect to the trading that is excluded from the operation of this Policy. 
 
 
 
2 ASX Listing Rule 12.10 requires a further copy of the trading policy to be provided to the ASX in the event that there is a 
material change in the policy. 
For personal use only

 
 
6
Glossary 
Term 
Definition 
Associate 
in relation to a Personnel member, means: 
• 
close family members over whom the Personnel member has influence, 
including but not limited to a spouse/partner and children;  
 
• 
any company or trust in which the Personnel member controls or has an 
interest; and 
• 
any superannuation fund or account in which the Personnel member has an 
interest or has the ability to instruct trading decisions. 
ASX  
ASX Limited ABN 98 008 624 691. 
Audit Compliance & 
Risk Management 
Committee (ACRMC) 
the Board Committee responsible for internal controls, oversight of financial 
management and financial matters and for risk management and compliance 
across the Group as detailed in its charter. 
Board  
the PNI Board of Directors. 
Chair  
the Chair of the Board or of a Board committee as the context requires. 
Corporations Act 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Director 
a director of PNI. 
Fixed Prohibited Period 
the periods specified in this Policy during which personnel are prohibited from 
trading. 
Group 
PNI and its wholly owned subsidiaries. 
Group Company 
Any company that is a related body corporate of PNI. 
Inside Information  
has the meaning given in section 3.2. 
Insider Trading 
has the meaning given in section 3.1. 
KMP 
Key Management Personnel as that expression is defined in AASB 124, being 
those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and 
controlling the activities of the entity, directly or indirectly, including any director 
(whether executive or otherwise) of that entity. 
Personnel 
has the meaning given in section 1.2. 
PNI 
Pinnacle Investment Management Group Limited ABN 22 100 325 184 (ASX:PNI) 
PNI Securities 
Securities issued by PNI traded on ASX. 
Relevant Interest 
where: 
• 
a person holds securities directly; or  
• 
has the power to exercise, or control the exercise of, a right to vote attached 
to the securities; or 
• 
has power to dispose of, or control the exercise of a power to dispose of, the 
securities. 
Security 
shares, securities, interests in a managed investment scheme, wholesale trusts, 
options, stock specific derivatives, derivatives (both over the counter (OTC) and 
exchange traded), warrants, contracts for difference (CFDs), bonds, notes, 
hybrids, debentures, superannuation products, and any other financial product 
For personal use only

 
 
7
Term 
Definition 
able to be traded on a financial market, both domestically and internationally (for 
example, exchange traded funds, exchange traded contracts and exchange 
traded notes). 
It includes any such products offered, issued or purchased pursuant to initial 
public offerings (IPOs), placements, rights and bonus issues and buy backs. 
Substantial Holding 
where the votes attaching to any shareholding held directly by a person or 
through their Relevant Interests is more than 5% of the total votes attaching to 
voting shares in the entity. 
trading 
in relation to a Security, applying for, acquiring or disposing of (or entering into an 
agreement to do so) the Security. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
8
Document Control 
 
Owner 
PNI Board 
Approval 
Audit, Compliance and Risk Management Committee 
Relates to 
Pinnacle Investment Management Group Limited and wholly owned 
subsidiaries 
Version Number 
Version 1.3 
Date last updated  
December 2025 
Reason for update 
Periodic review 
 
Primary Rules/Rationale 
Corporations Act 2001, ASX Listing Rules 
Date of Signoff 
December 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only
