 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
27 August 2024 
 
 
 
The Companies Office  
Australian Securities Exchange  
20 Bridge St 
SYDNEY   NSW   2000 
 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
 
Perpetual Limited (Perpetual) 
Revised Securities Trading Policy  
(ASX:PPT) 
 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, attached is Perpetual’s revised Securities Trading Policy 
with respect to trading in Perpetual securities by directors and employees.  
 
 
  
Yours sincerely, 
 
 
 
 
 
Sylvie Dimarco 
Company Secretary 
Authorising Officer 
 
 
 
Perpetual Limited 
ABN 86 000 431 827 
 
Level 18 
Angel Place 
123 Pitt Street Sydney 
GPO Box 4172 
Sydney NSW 2001 
Australia 
Telephone 02 9229 9000 
Facsimile 02 8256 1461 
For personal use only

Perpetual Limited
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 15  | <Insert document name> 
 
 
Public / Internal use only / Confidential / Highly confidential / Strictly 
confidential 
 
 
 
Perpetual Limited “the Company”                                                               Public 
 
 
 
Group Policy 
Personal Trading in  
Perpetual Securities 
 
 
Approved: 27 August 2024 
 
For personal use only

Page 2 of 9 | Group Policy - Personal Trading in Perpetual Securities Policy
 
 
 
 
 
DEFINITIONS 
 
 
ASX
means ASX Limited.
Board 
means the board of directors of Perpetual Limited. 
Closely Connected Persons 
means the close family members of a Director, KMP or Employee, including but not 
limited to a spouse or partner and dependent children; and any family trust or family 
company that the Director, KMP or Employee or their Closely Connected Persons 
may control or in which they may have an interest. 
Company or Perpetual 
means Perpetual Limited. 
Controlled Entity 
means an entity that is controlled by Perpetual under section 50AA of the 
Corporations Act. An entity is controlled by Perpetual if Perpetual has the capacity to 
determine the outcome of decisions about the entity’s financial and operating 
policies. 
Corporations Act 
means Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Director 
means a director of the Company or of a Controlled Entity. 
Employee 
means any individual employed by Perpetual or a Controlled Entity and includes 
individuals engaged as contractors or on a non-permanent basis. 
Exceptional Circumstances 
means the circumstances described in this policy. 
Insider Trading 
means trading in Perpetual Securities whilst in possession of Material Non-Public 
Information and includes inducing, inciting or encouraging other persons to trade 
KMP 
means key management personnel as defined in Australian Accounting Standards 
Board 124 and being those persons identified as such in Perpetual’s annual report to 
shareholders from time to time. 
Material Non-Public 
 
Information 
means information that is not generally available and if it were generally available a 
reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of a 
company’s securities (i.e. it is materially price sensitive). Examples of potentially 
material information include information about the company’s financial position, 
strategy, operations, merger and acquisitions activity, significant management 
changes and new products. 
Personal Capacity 
A Director, KMP or Employee will, for the purposes of this policy, be acting in a 
personal capacity in respect of trades undertaken: 
•    in their own name; or 
• 
in the name of a Closely Connected Person where the Director, KMP or 
Employee can exercise control or have influence over: 
o the volume, price or value of the trade; or 
o the timing of the trade. 
Perpetual Securities 
means a share, a debenture, an option, a bond or any legal or equitable right or 
interest to acquire shares in the Company or any other security of the Company as 
defined in section 761A of the Corporations Act and includes derivatives over any 
Securities. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Page 3 of 9 | Group Policy - Personal Trading in Perpetual Securities Policy
 
 
 
 
 
Pre-trade Compliance System     means Perpetual’s or a Controlled Entity’s internal personal share trading system 
used by Perpetual or a Controlled Entity to monitor, amongst other things, trading 
by Employees in Perpetual Securities. 
 
 
Prohibited Period                          means the Results Prohibited Period or the Quarterly Business Update Prohibited 
Period specified in Section 4, Rule 3 of this policy. 
 
Securities                                       means a share, a debenture, an option, a bond or any legal or equitable right or 
interest to acquire shares in a company as defined in section 761A of the 
Corporations Act and includes derivatives over any Securities. 
 
 
 
1.  OBJECTIVE 
 
The Board considers that it is desirable that Directors, KMP and Employees of the Company should hold Perpetual 
Securities (where appropriate) and that doing so aligns their interests with other shareholders. 
 
The purpose of this policy is to set out the obligations of Directors, KMP and Employees of the Company when trading in 
Perpetual Securities in a Personal Capacity to ensure that: 
 
a)   all trading is conducted lawfully and appropriately and in a manner which maintains the confidence of the 
market in Perpetual Securities; 
 
b)   legal, regulatory and reputational risk to Perpetual, its Directors, KMP and Employees is minimised; and 
 
c)   their Closely Connected Persons are made aware of the restrictions that apply to their trading in Perpetual Securities and 
that they take reasonable steps to ensure their Closely Connected Persons comply with the requirements set out in this policy. 
 
 
2.  SCOPE 
 
This policy applies to all Directors, KMP and Employees of Perpetual and its Controlled Entities when trading in Perpetual 
Securities in a Personal Capacity. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, this policy applies globally. 
 
 
 
3.  LEGAL FRAMEWORK 
 
The requirements set out in this policy are separate from, and additional to the legal prohibitions contained in the 
Corporations Act on Insider Trading. Insider Trading is a criminal offence and the existence of a trading window or 
approval to trade under this policy will not prevent a breach of the law on insider trading. All Directors, KMP and 
Employees are responsible for forming a view as to whether or not they are in possession of Non-Public Material 
Information when trading in Securities (including Perpetual Securities). If there is any doubt, the safest course is 
not to trade. 
 
The prohibition on Insider Trading whilst in possession of Non-Public Material Information includes: 
 
a)   applying for, acquiring or disposing of a Security; or 
 
b)   entering into an agreement to apply for, acquire, or dispose of, a Security; or 
 
c)   procuring another person to apply for, acquire, or dispose of, a Security, or procuring another person to enter 
into an agreement to do so. 
 
 
4.  RULES ON TRADING IN PERPETUAL SECURITIES 
The five rules set out below are in addition to the prohibition on Insider Trading and other constraints applicable at law.
For personal use only

Page 4 of 9 | Group Policy - Personal Trading in Perpetual Securities Policy
 
 
 
RULE 1 – NO SPECULATIVE TRADING, SHORT SELLING OR HEDGING OVER PERPETUAL 
SECURITIES 
 
Directors, KMP and Employees must not trade in Perpetual Securities in a Personal Capacity: 
 
a)   for short term or speculative gain. All positions must be held for a minimum period of 12 months. 
This does not apply to a disposal of Perpetual Securities after vesting or release from restrictions 
under one of Perpetual’s incentive plans; 
 
b)   as part of a short selling strategy; or 
 
c)   as part of a hedging arrangement aimed at limiting the economic risk of holding Perpetual Securities 
or at limiting exposure in relation to “at risk” remuneration. 
 
Such trading is prohibited whether conducted by Directors, KMP or Employees in a Personal Capacity.  
 
RULE 2 – NO MARGIN LOANS OVER PERPETUAL SECURITIES 
Directors, KMP and Employees must not enter into or otherwise facilitate margin loans over Perpetual 
Securities in a Personal Capacity. 
 
RULE 3 – NO TRADING IN A PERSONAL CAPACITY IN A PROHIBITED PERIOD 
 
Directors, KMP and Employees must not trade during the following periods in a Personal Capacity: 
 
a)   the period beginning at 8am (Sydney time) on 30 June and ending at 5pm (Sydney time) on the first full trading 
day following the announcement to the ASX of Perpetual’s annual financial results; and 
 
b)   the period beginning at 8am (Sydney time) on 31 December and ending at 5pm (Sydney time) on the first full 
trading day following the announcement to the ASX of Perpetual’s half-yearly financial results; and 
 
c)   the period beginning at 8am (Sydney time) on the last day of the reporting quarter and ending at 5pm (Sydney 
time) on the first full trading day following the announcement to the ASX of the quarterly funds under 
management statement (Quarterly Business Update). For example, the March Quarterly Business Update will 
have a Prohibited Period starting from 8am (Sydney time) on 31 March ending at 5pm (Sydney time) on the first 
full trading day following the announcement of the March Quarterly Business Update to the ASX. 
 
The Board of Perpetual reserves the right to impose any additional Prohibited Periods on an ad-hoc basis when it 
considers it prudent to do so. 
 
Approval to trade during a Prohibited Period may be given in exceptional circumstances. See Section 5 below. 
 
RULE 4 – PRE-APPROVAL REQUIRED FOR TRADING 
Despite the existence of a trading window, pre-approval of all trading in Perpetual Securities by KMP and 
Employees (including Executive-Directors) in a Personal Capacity must be requested via the Pre-trade 
Compliance System. Requests for same day trades must be made by 2pm (Sydney time). 
 
Approvals will be valid for five business days following the day on which approval was granted, unless approval is 
granted within five days of the start of a Prohibited Period, in which case approval will expire concurrently with that 
commencement. Once expired, any request for pre-approval must be re-submitted for a fresh approval and cannot be 
extended. 
 
Non-executive Directors do not currently have access to a Pre-trade Compliance System and  
 
must therefore seek prior approval for all transactions involving Perpetual Securities using the process set out in 
Attachment A. 
 
Employees of some Controlled Entities outside of Australia must ensure compliance with any additional clearance 
requirements or restrictions that apply to owning or trading in Perpetual Securities under the entity's Pre-trade 
Compliance Systems.
For personal use only

Page 5 of 9 | Group Policy - Personal Trading in Perpetual Securities Policy
 
 
 
RULE 5 – OBLIGATION TO MAINTAIN RECORDS OF HOLDINGS  
 
Executive KMP and Employees are required to maintain records of their holdings in Perpetual Securities. Records must 
be kept and made available for inspection at any time by Company Secretariat or Compliance or Risk teams for the 
purpose of assessing compliance with the requirements of this policy.   Perpetual will keep a record of the holdings of 
Directors of Perpetual Limited based on information the Directors submit for the purposes of ASX notifications and 
annual report disclosures. 
 
5.  EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES 
 
A Director, KMP or Employee who is not in possession of Inside Information may apply in writing to the Chairman of the 
Perpetual Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee for prior written approval to sell or otherwise dispose of (but not 
acquire) Perpetual Securities during a Prohibited Period in the following exceptional circumstances: 
 
a)   severe financial hardship – a person may be in severe financial hardship if they have a pressing financial 
commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling Perpetual Securities and this is the only 
reasonable course of action available; 
 
b)   as required by law, an order of a Court or Court enforceable undertakings; or 
 
c)   in any other circumstances that are determined by the Chairman of the Perpetual Audit Risk and 
Compliance Committee to be exceptional circumstances. 
 
The Chairman of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee will exercise the power to grant approval in 
exceptional circumstances sparingly and with caution. Any approval granted must be in writing. 
 
In the case of an application from the Chairman of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee, they may apply 
in writing to the Chairman of the Board. 
 
 
 
6.  EXCEPTIONS TO THIS POLICY 
 
Subject to the laws on Insider Trading, this policy does not apply to: 
 
a)   dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in Perpetual Securities, for example 
transfers of Perpetual Securities already held by a Director, KMP or Employee into a superannuation fund 
or other saving scheme in which the Director, KMP or Employee is a beneficiary, including where shares 
are released from a Director or Employee share trust following a restriction period; 
 
b)   an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only investing in 
Perpetual Securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third 
party; 
 
c)   where a Director, KMP or Employee is a trustee, trading in Perpetual Securities by that trust provided 
the Director, KMP or Employee is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a 
Prohibited Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers independently of the 
Director, KMP or Employee; 
 
d)   undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
 
e)   trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most Perpetual Security holders, such as a rights issue, a 
security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan, a scheme of arrangement and an 
equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer has been 
approved by the Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and 
the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a 
renounceable pro rata issue; 
 
f) the vesting or exercise (but not the subsequent sale of Perpetual Securities following exercise) of a 
Company-issued option or a right under an employee incentive scheme, or the conversion of a convertible 
Perpetual Security, where the final date for the exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of the 
Perpetual Security, falls during a Prohibited Period and the Director, KMP or Employee could not 
reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a time when free to do so; and
For personal use only

Page 6 of 9 | Group Policy - Personal Trading in Perpetual Securities Policy
 
 
 
 
g)   trading under a predetermined investment or divestment trading plan for which prior written clearance from 
the Chairman of the Audit Risk and Compliance Committee has been obtained and where: 
i.       the Director, KMP or Employee did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a Prohibited Period; and 
ii.       the trading plan does not permit the Director, KMP or Employee to exercise any influence or discretion over 
how, when, or whether to trade. 
 
 
7.  CONSEQUENCES OF NON-COMPLIANCE WITH POLICY 
 
A breach of the Insider Trading laws is a serious offence that may attract both civil and criminal penalties under the 
Corporations Act. 
 
Compliance with this policy is mandatory and a breach is considered to be a serious matter that will result in disciplinary 
action, including possible immediate dismissal. 
 
Directors, KMP and Employees must ensure that they not only comply with the letter of this policy but also the spirit, and 
at all times consider the risk to both Perpetual’s and their own reputation when conducting trading activities in their 
Personal Capacity. They must not structure arrangements or procure third parties to trade to circumvent the operation of 
this policy. 
 
 
 
8.  FURTHER DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS 
 
Trading in Perpetual Securities in a Personal Capacity may result in disclosure obligations to regulators. These 
include notification to the ASX of: 
 
•    any trading in Perpetual Securities by Directors of the Company (within five days of the trade); and 
 
•    substantial shareholdings and 1% movements to those shareholdings. 
 
 
9.  ATTACHMENTS 
 
Attachment A - Procedure for Non-executive Directors to seek pre-approval to trade in Perpetual Securities
For personal use only

Page 7 of 9 | Group Policy - Personal Trading in Perpetual Securities Policy
 
 
 
ATTACHMENT A 
 
 
 
PROCEDURE FOR NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS TO SEEK PRE-APPROVAL TO TRADE IN 
PERPETUAL SECURITIES 
 
 
 
All Non-executive Directors of Perpetual Limited must seek prior approval for all transactions involving 
Perpetual Securities. A request for approval must be in writing sent by e-mail copying the Company Secretary 
and must include the following information: 
 
•    type of Perpetual security, e.g. ordinary shares, options 
 
•    number of Perpetual Securities 
 
•    whether the trade is a sale or purchase and the proposed price 
 
•    name of person/entity intending to trade 
 
•    confirmation that they are not in possession of Material Non-Public Information 
 
•    confirmation that they understand their obligations set out in this policy. 
 
 
Requests for trading by Non-executive Directors should be submitted for approval as follows: 
 
 
Designated Officer 
Primary Approver 
In Their Absence 
Chairman of Perpetual Limited 
Chairman of Audit, Risk and Compliance 
Committee 
Chairman of People and 
Remuneration Committee 
Non-executive Directors of Perpetual 
Limited 
Chairman of Perpetual Limited 
Chairman of Audit, Risk and
Compliance Committee 
 
 
Where a Non-executive Director has been given approval for an intended trade, it may subsequently be necessary 
to veto trading where the trade has not yet been executed, for legal or perception reasons. 
 
The power of veto is reserved to the Chairman of Perpetual Limited. 
 
Where the Chairman of Perpetual Limited or Chairman of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee is not available, 
or the veto involves one of them personally (e.g. overturning their approval to trade) the veto decision should be 
considered by whichever of them is not personally involved and a nominated Director of Perpetual Limited 
 
Where the power of veto has been exercised this will be immediately communicated in writing to the 
individual(s) affected and should be kept strictly confidential by those persons.
For personal use only

Page 8 of 9 | Group Policy - Personal Trading in Perpetual Securities Policy
DOCUMENT CONTROL
 
 
 
Owner 
Group Company Secretariat & Governance 
Approval 
Board of Perpetual Limited 
Relates to 
Dealing in Perpetual Securities 
Version 
Version 11 
Approved on 
27 August 2024 
Primary rules/rationale            ASX Listing Rules 12.9 -12.12, 
Chapter 7 Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Page 9 of 9 | Group Policy - Personal Trading in Perpetual Securities Policy
 
 
 
For personal use only
