 
 
1
+61 8 6151 0994     |     pyctx.com     |     ACN 098 391 961 
28 June 2022 
Share Trading Policy 
CONTACTS: 
 
INVESTORS 
info@pyctx.com   
MEDIA 
Michelle Di Lello 
Michelle.DiLello@pyctx.com  
 
 
PYC Therapeutics, (ASX:PYC) (‘PYC’ or ‘the Company’), submits its revised Share Trading 
Policy. 
 
A copy of the Share Trading Policy is available on the corporate governance section of the 
Company’s website at pyctx.com 
 
This ASX announcement was approved and authorised for release by the Board of PYC 
Therapeutics Limited. 
 
 
 
About PYC Therapeutics 
 
PYC Therapeutics (ASX: PYC) is a pre-clinical stage biotechnology company pioneering a 
new generation of RNA therapeutics that utilize PYC’s proprietary library of naturally 
derived cell penetrating peptides to overcome the major challenges of current genetic 
medicines. PYC believes its PPMO (Peptide conjugated Phosphorodiamidate Morpholino 
Oligomer) technology enables a safer and more effective RNA therapeutic to address the 
underlying drivers of a range of genetic diseases for which no treatment solutions exist 
today. The Company is leveraging its leading-edge science to develop a pipeline of novel 
therapies including three preclinical stage programs focused on inherited eye diseases and 
preclinical discovery programs focused on neurodegenerative diseases. PYC’s discovery 
and laboratory operations are located in Australia and its preclinical, clinical, regulatory 
and business development operations are located in the United States.  For more 
information, visit pyctx.com, or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter. 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
ACN 098 391 961 
Share Trading Policy 
 
 
 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
 
These guidelines set out the policy on the sale and purchase of securities in the 
Company by its Key Management Personnel. 
 
Key Management Personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for 
planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity, directly or indirectly, 
including any Director (whether executive or otherwise) of that entity. 
 
The Company has determined that its Key Management Personnel are its Directors 
and those employees directly reporting to the Managing Director. 
Key Management Personnel are encouraged to be long-term holders of the Company’s 
securities. However, it is important that care is taken in the timing of any purchase or sale 
of such securities. 
The purpose of these guidelines is to assist Key Management Personnel to avoid conduct 
known as ‘insider trading’. In some respects, the Company’s policy extends beyond the 
strict requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
 
2. 
WHAT TYPES OF TRANSACTIONS ARE COVERED BY THIS POLICY? 
 
This policy applies to both the sale and purchase of any securities of the 
Company and its subsidiaries on issue from time to time. 
 
3. 
WHAT IS INSIDER TRADING? 
 
3.1 
Prohibition 
 
Insider trading is a criminal offence. It may also result in civil liability. In broad terms, 
a person will be guilty of insider trading if: 
(a) 
that person possesses information which is not generally available to the market 
and, if it were generally available to the market, would be likely to have a material 
effect on the price or value of the Company’s securities (ie information that is 
‘price sensitive’); and 
(b) 
that person: 
 
(i) 
buys or sells securities in the Company; or 
(ii) 
procures someone else to buy or sell securities in the Company; or 
(iii) 
passes on that information to a third party where that person knows, or ought 
reasonably to know, that the third party would be likely to buy or sell the 
securities or procure someone else to buy or sell the securities of the 
Company. 
For personal use only

 
3.2 
Examples 
 
To illustrate the prohibition described above, the following are possible examples 
of price sensitive information which, if made available to the market, may be likely 
to materially affect the price of the Company’s securities: 
 
(a) 
the Company considering a major acquisition or divestment; 
 
(b) 
the threat of major litigation against the Company; 
 
(c) 
the Company’s revenue and profit or loss results materially exceeding 
(or falling short of) the market’s expectations; 
 
(d) 
a material change in debt, liquidity or cash flow; 
 
(e) 
a significant new development proposal (e.g. new product or 
technology); 
 
(f) 
the grant or loss or a major contract or collaboration; 
 
(g) 
a management or business restructuring proposal; 
 
(h) 
a share issue proposal; 
 
(i) 
an agreement or option to acquire an interest or enter into a joint venture 
in relation to any assets, business or company; and 
 
(j) 
significant drug discoveries or laboratory test results.  
 
 
3.3 
Dealing through third parties 
 
The insider trading prohibition extends to dealings by individuals through 
nominees, agents or other associates, such as family members, family trusts and 
family companies (referred to as “Associates” in these guidelines). 
 
3.4 
Information however obtained 
 
It does not matter how or where the person obtains the information – it does not 
have to be obtained from the Company to constitute inside information. 
 
3.5 
Employee share schemes 
 
The prohibition does not apply to acquisitions of shares or options by employees 
made under employee share or option schemes, nor does it apply to the 
acquisition of shares as a result of the exercise of options under an employee 
option scheme. However, the prohibition does apply to the sale of shares 
acquired under an employee share scheme and also to the sale of shares 
acquired following the exercise of an option granted under an employee option 
scheme. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
4. 
GUIDELINES FOR TRADING IN THE COMPANY’S SECURITIES 
 
4.1 
General rule 
 
Key Management Personnel must not, except in exceptional circumstances, deal 
in securities of the Company during the following periods: 
a) 
two weeks prior to, and 24 hours after the release of the Company’s Annual 
Report;  
b) 
two weeks prior to, and 24 hours after the release of the Half Year Report of 
the Company; and 
c) 
two weeks prior to, and 24 hours after the release of the Company’s quarterly 
reports (if applicable), 
(together the Closed Periods). 
The Company may at its discretion vary this rule in relation to a particular Closed 
Period by general announcement to all Key Management Personnel either before 
or during the Closed Periods. However, if a Key Management Personnel is in 
possession of price sensitive information which is not generally available to the 
market, then he or she must not deal in the Company’s securities at any time it is 
in possession of such information. 
 
4.2 
No short-term trading in the Company’s securities 
 
Key Management Personnel should never engage in short-term trading of the 
Company’s securities except for the exercise of options where the shares will be 
sold shortly thereafter. 
 
4.3 
Trading in Derivative Products and Margin Lending Arrangements 
 
Key Management Personnel are prohibited from trading outside Trading Windows 
in financial products issued or created over or in respect of the Company’s 
securities. 
 
Key Management Personnel are prohibited from entering into Margin Lending 
arrangements whereby lenders are provided with rights over their interests in the 
company’s securities unless Board approval is obtained, such approval not to be 
withheld unreasonably. 
 
4.4 
Securities in other companies 
 
Buying and selling securities of other companies with which the Company may be 
dealing is prohibited where an individual possesses information which is not 
generally available to the market and is ‘price sensitive’. For example, where an 
individual is aware that the Company is about to sign a major agreement with 
another company, they should not buy securities in either the Company or the 
other company. 
For personal use only

 
4.5 
Exceptions 
 
(a) 
Key Management Personnel may at any time: 
 
(i) 
acquire ordinary shares in the Company by conversion of 
securities giving a right of conversion to ordinary shares; 
 
(ii) 
acquire Company securities under a bonus issue made to all 
holders of securities of the same class; 
 
(iii) 
acquire Company securities under a dividend reinvestment, or 
top-up plan that is available to all holders or securities of the 
same class; 
 
(iv) 
acquire, or agree to acquire or exercise options under an 
employee incentive scheme (as that term is defined in the ASX 
Listing Rules); 
 
(v) 
withdraw ordinary shares in the Company held on behalf of the 
Key Management Personnel in an employee incentive scheme 
(as that term is defined in the ASX Listing Rules) where the 
withdrawal is permitted by the rules of that scheme; 
 
(vi) 
acquire ordinary shares in the Company as a result of the 
exercise of options held under an employee option scheme; 
 
(vii) 
transfer securities of the Company already 
superannuation fund or other saving scheme 
restricted person is a beneficiary; 
held into a in 
which the 
 
(viii) 
make an investment in, or trade in units of, a fund or other 
scheme (other than a scheme only investing in the securities of 
the Company) where the assets of the fund or other scheme 
are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
 
(ix) 
where a restricted person is a trustee, trade in the securities of the 
Company by that trust, provided the restricted person is not a 
beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a 
prohibited period is taken by the other trustees or by the 
investment managers independently of the restricted person; 
 
(x) 
undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer; 
 
(xi) 
trade under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the 
security holders, such as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, 
a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an equal access 
buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and 
structure of the offer has been approved by the Board.   This 
includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the 
entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for 
the take up of the balance of entitlements under a 
renounceable pro rata issue; 
 
(xii) 
dispose of securities of the Company resulting from a secured 
lender exercising their rights, for example, under a margin lending 
arrangement; 
For personal use only

 
(xiii) 
exercise (but not sell securities following exercise) an option or a 
right under an employee incentive scheme, or convert a 
convertible security, where the final date for the exercise of the 
option or right, or the conversion of the security, falls during a 
prohibited period or the Company has had a number of 
consecutive prohibited periods and the restricted person could 
not reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a time 
when free to do so; or 
 
(xiv) 
trade under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior 
written clearance has been provided in accordance with 
procedures set out in this Policy. 
 
(b) 
In respect of any share or option plans adopted by the Company, it 
should be noted that it is not permissible to provide the exercise price of 
options by selling the shares acquired on the exercise of these options 
unless the sale of those shares occurs outside the periods specified in 
paragraph 4.1. 
 
Were this is to occur at a time when the person possessed inside information, then 
the sale of Company securities would be a breach of insider trading laws, even 
though the person’s decision to sell was not influenced by the inside information 
that the person possessed and the person may not have made a profit on the 
sale. Where Company securities are provided to a lender as security by way of 
mortgage or charge, a sale that occurs under that mortgage or charge as a 
consequence of default would not breach insider trading laws. 
 
4.6 
Notification of periods when Key Management Personnel are not permitted to 
trade 
 
The Company Secretary will endeavour to notify all Key Management Personnel 
of the times when they are not permitted to buy or sell the Company’s securities 
as set out in paragraph 4.1. 
 
5. 
APPROVAL AND NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS 
 
5.1 
Approval requirements 
 
(a) 
Any Key Management Personnel (other than the Chairman) wishing to 
buy, sell or exercise rights in relation to the Company’s securities must 
obtain the prior written approval of the Chairman or the Board before 
doing so. 
 
(b) 
If the Chairman wishes to buy, sell or exercise rights in relation to the 
Company’s securities, the Chairman must obtain the prior approval of the 
Board before doing so. 
 
5.2 
Approvals to buy or sell securities 
 
(a) 
All requests to buy or sell securities as referred to in paragraph 5.1 must 
include the intended volume of securities to be purchased or sold and an 
estimated time frame for the sale or purchase. 
 
(b) 
Copies of written approvals must be forwarded to the Company 
Secretary prior to the approved purchase or sale transaction. 
For personal use only

 
5.3 
Notification 
 
Subsequent to approval obtained in accordance with paragraphs 5.1 and 5.2, 
any Key Management Personnel who (or through his or her Associates) buys,  sells, 
or exercises rights in relation to Company securities must notify the Company 
Secretary in writing of the details of the transaction within five (5) business days of 
the transaction occurring.  This notification obligation operates at all times but 
does not apply to acquisitions of shares or options by employees made under 
employee share or option schemes, nor does it apply to the acquisition of shares 
as a result of the exercise of options under an employee option scheme. 
 
5.4 
Key Management Personnel sales of securities 
 
Key Management Personnel need to be mindful of the market perception 
associated with any sale of Company securities and possibly the ability of the 
market to absorb the volume of shares being sold. With  this  in mind, the 
management of the sale of any significant volume of Company securities (ie a 
volume that would represent a volume in excess of 10% of the total securities held 
by the seller prior to the sale, or a volume to be sold that would be in excess of 
10% of the average daily traded volume of the shares of the Company on the ASX 
for the preceding 20 trading days) by a Key Management Personnel needs to be 
discussed with the Board and the Company’s legal advisers prior to the execution 
of any sale. These discussions need to be documented in the form of a file note, 
to be retained by the Company Secretary. 
 
5.5 
Exemption from Closed Periods restrictions due to exceptional circumstance 
 
Key Management Personnel who are not in possession of inside information in 
relation to the Company, may be given prior written clearance by the  Managing 
Director (or in the case of the Managing Director by all other members of the 
Board) to sell or otherwise dispose of Company securities in a Closed Period where 
the person is in severe financial hardship or where there are exceptional 
circumstances as set out in this policy. 
 
5.6 
Severe financial hardship or exceptional circumstances 
 
The determination of whether a Key Management Personnel is in severe financial 
hardship will be made by the Managing Director (or in the case of the Managing 
Director by all other members of the Board). 
 
A financial hardship or exceptional circumstances determination can only be 
made by examining all of the facts and if necessary obtaining independent 
verification of the facts from banks, accountants or other like institutions. 
 
5.7 
Financial hardship 
 
Key Management Personnel may be in severe financial hardship if they have a 
pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied other than by selling the 
securities of the Company. 
 
In the interests of an expedient and informed determination by the Managing 
Director (or all other members of the Board as the context requires), any 
application for an exemption allowing the sale of Company securities in a Closed 
Period based on financial hardship must be made in writing stating all of the    facts    
and    be    accompanied    by    copies    of    relevant    supporting 
For personal use only

 
documentation, including contact details of the person’s accountant, bank and 
other such independent institutions (where applicable). 
 
Any exemption, if issued, will be in writing and shall contain a specified time 
period during which the sale of securities can be made. 
 
5.8 
Exceptional circumstances 
 
Exceptional circumstances may apply to the disposal of Company securities by a 
Key Management Personnel. Exceptional circumstances includes: court order, a 
court enforceable undertaking such as a bona fide family settlement, to transfer 
or sell securities of the Company, a significant circumstance determined by the 
non-interested Board, or a legal or regulatory requirement to do so. 
 
Any application for an exemption allowing the sale of Company securities in a 
Closed Period based on exceptional circumstances must be made in writing 
and 
be 
accompanied 
by 
relevant 
court 
and/or 
supporting 
documentation (where applicable). 
 
Any exemption, if issued, will be in writing and shall contain a specified time 
period during which the sale of securities can be made. 
 
6. 
ASX NOTIFICATION FOR DIRECTORS 
 
The ASX Listing Rules require the Company to notify the ASX within 5 business days 
after any dealing in securities of the Company (either personally or through an 
Associate) which results in a change in the relevant interests of a Director in the 
securities of the Company. The Company has made arrangements with each 
Director to ensure that the Director promptly discloses to the Company Secretary 
all the information required by the ASX. 
 
7. 
EFFECT OF COMPLIANCE WITH THIS POLICY 
 
Compliance with these guidelines for trading in the Company’s securities does 
not absolve that individual from complying with the law, which must be the 
overriding consideration when trading in the Company’s securities. 
 
 
Approved by the Board of Directors on 28 June 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only
