 
 
107545590 
 
Securities Dealing Policy
page 1 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
Redox Limited ACN 000 762 345 
Adopted by the Board on 13 June 2023 
 
For personal use only

 
107545590 
 
Securities Dealing Policy
page 1 
 
1 
What is this Policy about? 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
• 
ensure that public confidence is maintained in the reputation of the Company 
and its related bodies corporate (Group), directors and employees of the Group 
and in the trading of the Company’s securities;  
• 
outline the policy and procedures that apply to directors and employees when 
dealing in the Company’s securities; and  
• 
recognise that some types of dealing in securities are prohibited by law and set 
out processes that are intended to assist in managing these prohibitions. 
The Company will take a substance over form approach and will have regard to the intent 
and spirit of this Policy when applying and enforcing it.  
2 
Who must comply with this Policy? 
This Policy applies to all Directors of the Company (Directors) and Group employees 
(collectively, Employees). 
Certain parts of this Policy apply only to Restricted Persons who, for the purposes of 
this Policy, are: 
• 
Directors; 
• 
Other key management personnel of the Company and direct reports to the 
Managing Director (Senior Executives); and  
• 
other persons who regularly possess inside information and who have been 
advised by the Company Secretary that they are subject to special restrictions 
under this Policy (Nominated Employees). 
Restricted Persons must also take steps in relation to dealings by their Connected 
Persons. See section 4.7 for further information in relation to Connected Persons. 
3 
Restrictions applying to all Employees 
3.1 
No dealing while in possession of Inside Information 
Employees must not deal in the Company’s securities if: 
• 
they are aware of Inside Information in relation to the Company; or 
• 
the Company has notified Employees that they must not deal in securities 
(either for a specified period, or until the Company gives further notice). 
Inside Information is information that: 
• 
is not generally available to the market; and  
For personal use only

3     Restrictions applying to all Employees
 
107545590 
 
Securities Dealing Policy
page 2 
 
• 
if it were generally available to the market, a reasonable person would expect it 
to have a material effect (upwards or downwards) on the price or value of a 
security. 
Inside Information may include matters of supposition, matters that are not yet certain 
and matters relating to a person’s intentions. 
Section 6 contains further details regarding the scope of the insider trading laws. 
3.2 
The Front Page Test 
It is important that public confidence in the Group is maintained. It would be damaging to 
the Group’s reputation if the market or the general public perceived that Employees might 
be taking advantage of their position in the Group to make financial gains (by dealing in 
securities on the basis of Inside Information).  
As a guiding principle, Employees should ask themselves: 
If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to be 
taking advantage of my position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the 
transaction were reported on the front page of the newspaper? (The Front Page Test) 
If the Employee is unsure, he or she should consult the Company Secretary. 
Where any approval is required for a dealing under this Policy, approval will not be 
granted where the dealing would not satisfy the Front Page Test. 
3.3 
No short-term or speculative dealing 
Employees must not deal in the Company’s securities on a short-term trading basis. 
Short-term trading includes buying and selling securities on market within a 3 month 
period, and entering into other short term dealings (for example, forward contracts).  
Selling securities received following the vesting of entitlements under an employee, 
executive or director equity plan within 3 months of the vesting date is not a short-term 
dealing. 
Employees must not deal in the Company’s securities on a speculative basis, including 
short-selling. Short selling involves borrowing and selling securities in the hope that they 
can be bought back at a lower price in the future to close out the short position at a profit. 
3.4 
Hedging of Company securities 
Hedging includes entering into any arrangements that operate to limit the economic risk 
associated with holding the Company’s securities. 
Company securities acquired under an employee, executive or director equity plan 
operated by the Company must never be hedged prior to vesting.  
Company securities must never be hedged while they are subject to a holding lock or 
restriction on dealing under the terms of an employee, executive or director equity plan 
operated by the Company. 
3.5 
Dealing in other companies’ securities 
Employees may come into possession of Inside Information regarding another company 
where they are directly involved in client relationship management or negotiating 
contracts. For example, where a person is aware that the Group is about to sign a major 
agreement with another company. 
For personal use only

4     Additional restrictions applying to Restricted Persons
 
107545590 
 
Securities Dealing Policy
page 3 
 
Employees must not deal in the securities in another company if they are aware of Inside 
Information in relation to that company, no matter how they came into possession of the 
Inside Information.  
4 
Additional restrictions applying to Restricted Persons 
4.1 
No dealing in blackout periods 
Restricted Persons must not deal in Company securities during any of the following 
blackout periods:  
• 
the period from the close of trading on the ASX on 30 June each year until the 
day following the announcement to ASX of the full-year results;  
• 
the period from the close of trading on the ASX on 31 December each year until 
the day following the announcement to ASX of the half-year results; and 
• 
any other period that the Board specifies from time to time. 
4.2 
Exceptional circumstances 
If a Restricted Person needs to deal in securities during a blackout period due to 
exceptional circumstances and is not in possession of any Inside Information, then, they 
may apply for approval to deal. Exceptional circumstances are likely to include severe 
financial hardship or compulsion by court order. 
Approval to deal will only be granted if the Restricted Person’s application is 
accompanied by sufficient evidence (in the opinion of the person providing clearance) 
that the dealing is the most reasonable course of action available in the circumstances.  
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this section 4.2 
must comply with the other sections of this Policy (to the extent applicable). 
4.3 
Approval required for dealing outside blackout periods 
(a) 
During any period that is not a trading blackout period under section 4.1, 
Restricted Persons must, prior to any proposed dealing, seek approval for the 
proposed dealing in the Company’s securities.  
(b) 
There are certain times during the year when approval under this Policy is more 
likely to be granted. These are the 4 week periods immediately following: 
(1) 
the day after release of the Company’s full-year results; and 
(2) 
the day after release of the Company’s half-year results;  
Restricted Persons who wish to seek approval to trade under this Policy are 
encouraged to do so during these periods. Trading at any time (even if approval 
has been obtained under this Policy) remains subject to the insider trading 
prohibition in the Corporations Act. 
4.4 
Written request process  
(a) 
Requests for approval under 4.2 or 4.3 should be submitted to the Company 
Secretary, who will forward it to: 
For personal use only

4     Additional restrictions applying to Restricted Persons
 
107545590 
 
Securities Dealing Policy
page 4 
 
(1) 
the Managing Director (in the case of Nominated Employees or Senior 
Executives); 
(2) 
the Chair of the Board (in the case of the Managing Directoror other 
Directors);  
(3) 
the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee (in the case of the Chair of 
the Board). 
(b) 
A request for approval to deal will be answered as soon as practicable. The 
approver, having consulted with members of management as appropriate, may:  
(1) 
grant or refuse the request; 
(2) 
impose conditions on the dealing in their discretion. 
(c) 
The approver is not obliged to provide reasons for any aspect of their decision, 
and may revoke their approval at any time. If a request is not approved or an 
approval is revoked, that fact must be kept confidential. 
(d) 
Following receipt of approval to deal, the approved dealing must occur within 2 
business days following approval (or such other time specified in the approval), 
otherwise the approval is no longer effective and fresh approval must be 
sought. 
(e) 
Approval under this Policy is not an endorsement of the dealing. Personnel are 
responsible for their own compliance with the law. 
4.5 
Margin lending arrangements 
(a) 
Approval must be obtained in accordance with the procedure set out in section 
4.4 for any: 
(1) 
entering into a margin lending arrangement in respect of the 
Company’s securities; and 
(2) 
transferring securities in the Company into an existing margin loan 
account. 
(b) 
The Company may, at its discretion, make any approval granted in accordance 
with section 4.5(a) conditional upon such terms and conditions as the Company 
sees fit (for example, with regard to the circumstances in which the Company’s 
securities may be sold to satisfy a margin call). 
4.6 
Directors – confirmation of trade required 
Following any trade, Directors must promptly notify the Company Secretary, ideally by 
close of business on the day the trade is entered into. This is to assist the Company to 
comply with its disclosure obligations under the Listing Rules of the ASX.  
4.7 
Connected Persons 
Restricted Persons must take appropriate steps to ensure that their “Connected Persons” 
only deal in securities in circumstances where the Restricted Person to whom they are 
connected would be permitted to deal under this Policy. For example, by obtaining 
clearance in accordance with this Policy in respect of the Connected Persons’ dealings.  
Connected Persons are: 
• 
a family member who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, the 
Restricted Person in his or her dealings with the Company or Company 
For personal use only

5     Excluded Dealings
 
107545590 
 
Securities Dealing Policy
page 5 
 
securities (this may include the Restricted Person’s spouse, partner and 
children, the children of the Restricted Person’s partner, or dependants of the 
Restricted Person or the Restricted Person’s partner); and 
• 
a company or any other entity which the Restricted Person has an ability to 
control.  
5 
Excluded Dealings 
Sections 3.3, 4.1 and 4.3 of this Policy do not apply to:  
(a) 
participation in an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by the 
Company. However, where securities in the Company granted under an 
employee, executive or director equity plan cease to be held under the terms of 
that plan, any dealings in those securities must only occur in accordance with 
this Policy; 
(b) 
the following categories of trades: 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a dividend reinvestment 
plan; 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a security purchase plan 
available to all retail securityholders; 
• 
acquisition of Company securities through a rights issue; and  
• 
the disposal of Company securities through the acceptance of a 
takeover offer, scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back;  
(c) 
dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the 
securities (for example, transfers of Company securities already held into a 
superannuation fund or trust of which the Employee is a beneficiary); 
(d) 
trading under a pre-approved non-discretionary trading plan, where the 
Employee did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a blackout 
period, the plan does not permit the Employee to exercise any influence or 
discretion in relation to trading under the plan and the plan cannot be cancelled 
during a blackout period, other than in exceptional circumstances; and  
(e) 
a disposal of securities of the Company that is the result of a secured lender 
exercising their rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement.  
However, given such dealings remain subject to the insider trading rules in the 
Corporations Act, Employees should still consider any legal or reputational issues (and 
discuss any concerns they have with the Company Secretary) before proceeding with the 
dealing. 
6 
What are the rules about insider trading? 
Broadly speaking, the Corporations Act provides that a person who has Inside 
Information about a company must not:  
(a) 
buy or sell securities in a company, or enter in an agreement to buy or sell 
securities, or exercise options over securities, or otherwise apply for, acquire or 
dispose of securities (deal);  
For personal use only

7     What happens if this Policy is breached?
 
107545590 
 
Securities Dealing Policy
page 6 
 
(b) 
encourage someone else to deal in securities in that company; or  
(c) 
directly or indirectly provide that information to another person where they 
know, or ought to know, that that person is likely to deal in securities or 
encourage someone else to deal in securities of that company (tipping).  
These restrictions apply to all securities, not just the Company’s securities.  
7 
What happens if this Policy is breached? 
Breaches of this Policy will be regarded by the Company as serious and will be subject to 
appropriate sanctions. Any person who is suspected of breaching this Policy may be 
suspended from attending the workplace on full pay pending the outcome of 
investigations into the alleged breach. Any person who breaches this Policy could face 
disciplinary action (including forfeiture of securities and/or suspension or termination of 
employment). 
Breaches of the insider trading laws have serious consequences for both the personnel 
concerned and the Company. Penalties under the Corporations Act include financial 
penalties and imprisonment. 
8 
Who should I contact? 
Employees should contact the Company Secretary if they are unsure about whether it is 
acceptable to deal or communicate with others in relation to the Company’s securities or 
other securities or if they have any other queries about this Policy. 
 
For personal use only
