 
 
REA Group Ltd ⋅ ABN 54 068 349 066 ⋅ 511 Church Street, Richmond VIC 3121, Australia ⋅ +61 1300 853 440 
rea-group.com 
 
 
 
ASX Announcement 
8 May 2026 
 
Revised Securities Dealing Policy 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, REA Group Ltd (ASX:REA) advises that it has 
amended its Securities Dealing Policy with effect from 6 May 2026. A copy of the revised 
policy is attached and is also available on the corporate governance section of REA’s 
website at https://www.rea-group.com/investor-centre/corporate-governance/.  
 
-ends- 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
REA Group Ltd Investors: 
 
 
REA Group Ltd Media: 
 
Alice Bennett 
 
 
 
 
Angus Urquhart 
Executive Manager Investor Relations  
General Manager Corporate Affairs 
P: +61 409 037 726 
 
 
 
M: + 61 437 518 713 
E: ir@rea-group.com 
 
 
 
E: angus.urquhart@rea-group.com 
 
The release of this announcement was authorised by the Board. 
 
About REA Group Ltd (www.rea-group.com): REA Group Ltd ACN 068 349 066 
(ASX:REA) (“REA Group”) is a multinational digital advertising business specialising in 
property. REA Group operates Australia’s leading residential and commercial property 
websites – realestate.com.au and realcommercial.com.au – as well as the leading website 
dedicated to share property, Flatmates.com.au and property research website, 
property.com.au. REA Group owns Mortgage Choice Pty Ltd, an Australian mortgage 
broking franchise group, PropTrack Pty Ltd, a leading provider of property data services, 
Campaign Agent Pty Ltd, Australia’s leading provider in vendor paid advertising finance 
solutions for the Australian real estate market and Realtair Pty Ltd, a digital platform 
providing end-to-end technology solutions for the real estate transaction process. In 
Australia, REA Group holds strategic investments in Simpology Pty Ltd, a leading provider 
of mortgage application and e-lodgement solutions for the broking and lending industries, 
Arealytics, a provider of commercial real estate information and technology in Australia 
and Athena Home Loans, a leading digital non-bank lender and one of Australia’s fastest 
growing fintechs. Internationally, REA Group holds a controlling interest in REA India Pte. 
Ltd. operator of the established brand Housing.com and Planitar Inc., the maker of 
iGUIDE, a leading 3D tour and interactive floor plan technology headquartered in Canada. 
REA Group also holds a 20% shareholding in Move, Inc., operator of realtor.com in the US 
and a minority interest Easiloan, a technology platform for end-to-end digital processing of 
home loans in India. 
 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
1. 
What is this policy and to whom does it apply? 
In Australia, as well as in many other countries, ‘insider trading’ laws exist to ensure 
people do not profit on the stock market from information which is not publicly 
available. REA Group Ltd (REA) shares are publicly traded on the Australian 
Securities Exchange (ASX), and therefore these insider trading laws apply to 
everybody that may deal in REA shares. 
The purpose of this policy is to help REA directors, employees and contractors 
comply with their legal obligations, promote REA’s commitment to good 
governance and to protect REA and its reputation. 
Who does this policy apply to? 
This policy applies to the following people and entities (referred to as you in this 
policy): 
(a) 
directors, employees and contractors of REA or any of its subsidiaries in any 
part of the world – this includes all permanent employees as well as all 
contractors, consultants, secondees and casual employees; and 
(b) 
all ‘Connected Parties’ of a person mentioned in paragraph (a) above. This 
includes any person who you may be expected to influence, or be influenced 
by, in relation to any decision to deal in REA Securities, and may include: 
(i) 
your spouse/partner and children;  
(ii) 
any family company or family trust that you or your close family 
members may control or have an interest in; or 
(iii) 
any company, trust or partnership which you control or in which you 
are a director, trustee or partner. 
What else should I be aware of? 
Some key terms used in this policy mean:  
(a) 
Deal or dealing has a wide meaning and includes: buying, selling or applying 
for securities; creating a hedge, security interest or other financial interest 
over securities; transferring legal ownership of securities (even where 
beneficial ownership does not change); or agreeing to do any of those 
things, either on your own behalf (which includes directing another person 
like a broker to execute a dealing) or on behalf of someone else. 
(b) 
REA Securities includes:  
(i) 
all REA ordinary shares (which are quoted on the ASX); and 
(ii) 
any other share or security of REA or any of its subsidiaries, including 
all options, performance rights, notes or debentures and financial 
products issued or created over or in respect of securities issued by 
REA or its subsidiaries (such as warrants or swaps). 
For personal use only

Page 2 of 10 
 
 
2. 
Who do I contact if I have any questions? 
If you have any questions, are unsure if this policy applies to you, or are unsure if 
any dealing you are thinking of undertaking is allowed under this policy, contact the 
Company Secretary immediately (and definitely before dealing in any REA 
Securities). 
3. 
What does insider trading prohibit? 
3.1 
The insider trading prohibition 
If you have Inside Information (defined below), you must not: 
(a) 
deal in REA Securities; 
(b) 
procure, advise, induce, incite or encourage any other person to deal in REA 
Securities; or 
(c) 
communicate or pass on that Inside Information to any person if you know, 
or ought to reasonably know, that the recipient will (or is likely to) deal in REA 
Securities or procure or encourage another person to deal in REA Securities. 
You should know that you may be liable for any insider trading if your Connected 
Party deals in REA Securities while you are aware of any Inside Information. 
 
3.2 
Do I have any Inside Information? 
Inside Information refers to information which:  
(a) 
is not generally available to the public; and  
(b) 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect that 
information to have a material effect (upwards or downwards) on the price 
or value of securities.  
If you are not sure if any information might be considered to be Inside Information, 
contact the Company Secretary. 
It does not matter how you come to know Inside Information. You may become 
aware of Inside Information while working at REA, from family members, friends or 
colleagues or by overhearing the information in passing. 
3.3 
Examples of Inside Information 
Examples of Inside Information may include (but are not limited to): 
(a) 
REA’s financial performance; 
(b) 
a change in REA’s strategic direction, a material change in product strategy, 
or the launch of a new material product; 
Take note: Trading on Inside Information is illegal. If you trade on Inside Information, 
you will not only breach this policy, but you may also commit a criminal offence 
under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
For personal use only

Page 3 of 10 
 
 
(c) 
a major acquisition by REA, or the sale by REA of assets or a business; 
(d) 
a new material contract, or terminating an existing material contract; 
(e) 
changes of the CEO, CFO or other senior executives; 
(f) 
an issue of shares or other change of capital structure; 
(g) 
a change in dividend policy; or 
(h) 
a material litigation or legal claim involving REA. 
Information may still be Inside Information if it is an incomplete or indefinite 
proposal. For example, discussions, negotiations, proposals or rumours to do with 
any of the above, or uncertain information, can still be Inside Information. 
3.4 
What if the information relates to a company other than REA? 
This policy is designed specifically with REA in mind, but the insider trading laws are 
much broader. If you have Inside Information about any other company, the insider 
trading prohibition means you cannot deal in the securities of that company as well.  
By working at REA, you may become aware of information which could have a 
material effect on the price of another company’s securities. For example: 
(a) 
a supplier or customer which REA is dealing with, proposing to start dealing 
with, or proposing to cease dealing with; or 
(b) 
another company which may be affected by an action REA may undertake 
(e.g. an acquisition by REA or a change in REA’s strategic direction). 
4. 
Blackout Periods 
4.1 
What are our Blackout Periods? 
Even though the insider trading prohibitions apply at all times, there are certain 
periods of the year when Restricted Persons (who are specified in section 6 below)  
and their Connected Parties are not allowed to deal in any REA Securities at all 
(even if the Restricted Person thinks they don’t have any Inside Information). These 
periods are known as our Blackout Periods, and they generally occur when REA’s 
financial information is being finalised but has not yet been made available to the 
public. We do this because of the sensitive nature of the information which the 
Restricted Person  might have access to during this period. 
Restricted Persons must not deal in any REA Securities during a Blackout Period.  
Restricted Persons must also ensure that none of their Connected Parties deal in 
any REA Securities during a Blackout Period. 
The Blackout Periods are: 
(a) 
from the close of trading on 31 March until 10:00am on the trading day after 
REA announces its “Q3” quarterly results to the ASX (usually early May);  
For personal use only

Page 4 of 10 
 
 
(b) 
from the close of trading on 30 June until 10:00am on the trading day after 
REA announces its full year or annual results to the ASX (usually early 
August); 
(c) 
from the close of trading on 30 September until 10:00am on the trading day 
after REA announces its “Q1” quarterly results to the ASX;  
(d) 
from the close of trading on 31 December until 10:00am on the trading day 
after REA announces its half year results (usually early February); and 
(e) 
any other period the REA Board (or the Chairman of the Board) determines. 
A ‘trading day’ is a day where the ASX is open for trading. If the last day of a quarter 
is not a trading day, then the Blackout Period will start at the end of the last trading 
day for that quarter. For example, if 30 June is a Saturday, then the Blackout Period 
will start at the close of trading on the Friday. 
4.2 
Dealing during Blackout Periods in exceptional circumstances 
If a Restricted Person or their Connected Party needs to deal in REA Securities 
during a Blackout Period due to exceptional circumstances, then they may only do 
so if they are not in possession of any Inside Information and have first received 
written clearance to do that dealing (see section 8 below). 
Clearance will only be granted if exceptional circumstances apply. Exceptional 
circumstances are rare, but may include severe financial hardship or where the 
dealing is required to comply with a court order.  
4.3 
What if I leave REA during a Blackout Period? 
If a Restricted Person leaves REA during a Blackout Period and wanted to deal in 
REA Securities before the end of that Blackout Period, the Restricted Person would 
need to carefully consider whether they are at risk of trading on Inside Information 
which was gained whilst the Restricted Person was employed at REA. In these 
circumstances we recommend independent legal advice is sought. 
5. 
Other types of speculative dealing which this policy prohibits 
for Restricted Persons 
5.1 
No short-term dealing  
Short-term trading occurs when you buy and sell securities within a 3-month period. 
Short-selling is a type of trading a person undertakes where they think a company’s 
share price will go down. Both are forms of speculative dealing.  
Take note: Blackout Periods are in addition to the general prohibition on insider 
trading, and do not replace it. Restricted Persons and their Connected Parties 
cannot deal in securities if they have Inside Information, even outside of a 
Blackout Period. 
For personal use only

Page 5 of 10 
 
 
Where short-term dealing by someone connected with REA occurs, it could be 
perceived that that person’s long-term interests are not aligned with REA’s. It could 
also create a perception of possible insider trading. For these reasons Restricted 
Persons and their Connected Parties must not:  
(a) 
deal in REA Securities on a short-term basis, except with prior written 
clearance; or 
(b) 
short-sell any REA Securities.  
Exception to the no short-term dealing rule for employee share and incentive 
plans 
If a Restricted Person acquires REA Securities under an employee share or equity 
incentive plan (by becoming entitled to those securities or exercising a performance 
right), they may sell those securities within 3 months so long as they do not have 
Inside Information and it is not a Blackout Period. However, they must still obtain 
written clearance in accordance with section 8 before undertaking such sales. 
5.2 
No hedging or other derivatives 
Hedges and derivatives are used to limit the economic risk associated with 
securities and include OTC products, contracts for difference, options, forward 
contracts, futures, warrants, swaps, caps and collars.  
The following restrictions apply in relation to hedging transactions or arrangements:  
(a) 
Directors, members of the Executive Leadership Team and their Connected 
Parties must not hedge their exposure to REA Securities; 
(b) 
all other Restricted Persons and their Connected Parties are prohibited from 
hedging arrangements over:  
(i) 
vested REA Securities, unless they have received prior written 
clearance; 
(ii) 
REA Securities acquired under an employee share or equity incentive 
plan operated by the Company, prior to vesting; and 
(iii) 
REA Securities that are subject to a holding lock or restriction on 
dealing under the terms of an employee share or equity incentive 
plan operated by the Company.  
5.3 
No granting of security or entering into any margin loans 
Directors and members of the Executive Leadership Team and their Connected 
Parties must not enter into a margin loan using REA Securities as security, or enter 
into secured financing arrangements in respect of REA Securities. This prohibition 
Take note: If you are a member of the ‘key management personnel’ of REA, 
entering into a hedge or derivative over any ‘unvested’ or ‘vested but subject to a 
holding lock’ REA Securities is also an offence under the Corporations Act 2001 
(Cth). REA’s annual report will contain a list of those employees and directors 
who are considered ‘key management personnel’. 
For personal use only

Page 6 of 10 
 
 
does not apply to arrangements which were duly approved under earlier versions 
of this policy. 
All other Restricted Persons and their Connected Parties must not, unless they have 
prior written clearance: 
(a) 
grant any security or any other rights over REA Securities, including over any 
‘unvested’ REA Securities; or 
(b) 
enter into any margin loan, margin lending or other secured lending 
arrangement in respect of REA Securities – this includes not: (i) entering into 
any new arrangement; (ii) transferring any REA Securities into an existing 
margin loan account; or (iii) selling REA Securities to satisfy any margin loan 
call. 
6. 
Restricted Persons - additional approval requirements 
Additional dealing restrictions (set out in section 8 below) apply to: 
(a) 
Directors, including the CEO; 
(b) 
Members of the Executive Leadership Team; 
(c) 
Direct reports of the Executive Leadership Team, including Executive 
Assistants; 
(d) 
Members of the following teams: 
(i) 
Legal  
(ii) 
Company Secretary 
(iii) 
Strategy 
(iv) 
Corporate Development 
(v) 
All employees having access to the monthly consolidated financial 
information 
(vi) 
Communications 
(e) 
any other employee of REA who from time to time, for a specified duration, 
may be nominated by any one of the CEO, Company Secretary or CFO. 
collectively defined as “Restricted Persons” in this policy. 
If you are a Restricted Person, you must seek prior written clearance (see section 8 
below) before you deal in any REA Securities. This clearance process applies at all 
times, even outside Blackout Periods.  
7. 
Exceptions to Blackout Periods and clearance requirements 
If a Restricted Person wishes to deal in REA Securities and is not in possession of 
any Inside Information, then, the Restricted Person or their Connected Party may 
deal in REA Securities at any time (including during a Blackout Period) and without 
any clearance under section 8, if the dealing is: 
For personal use only

Page 7 of 10 
 
 
(a) 
accepting or acquiring REA Securities under an employee share or equity 
incentive plan operated by REA. However, where REA Securities granted 
under such a plan cease to be held under the terms of that plan, any dealings 
in those securities must occur only in accordance with this Policy. Also, 
performance rights must not be exercised during a Blackout Period; 
(b) 
a purchase of REA Securities through an offer or invitation available to all 
REA shareholders, such as a share purchase plan, a dividend reinvestment 
plan or a rights issue; 
(c) 
a disposal of REA Securities through the acceptance of a takeover offer, 
scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back; 
(d) 
a transfer where there is no effective change to the beneficial interest in the 
REA Securities (for example, transfers of REA Securities the person already 
owns into a superannuation fund or trust where that person is a beneficiary); 
(e) 
as result of trading which occurs under a pre-determined investment or 
trading plan which meets all of the following conditions:  (i) the Restricted 
Person or their Connected Party did not enter into the plan or amend the 
plan during a Blackout Period; (ii) the Restricted Person and their Connected 
Parties have no influence or discretion over how, when or whether trading 
occurs under the plan; and (iii) the plan cannot be cancelled during a 
Blackout Period, other than in exceptional circumstances; 
(f) 
a disposal of REA Securities that occurs when a secured lender exercises 
their rights over those securities); and 
(g) 
indirect and incidental trading where a Restricted Person or their Connected 
Party deals in units or shares of a managed investment scheme, listed 
investment company, exchange-traded fund or similar investment vehicle 
that is managed by a third party and that happens to hold REA Securities as 
part of its portfolio.  
8. 
Clearance process 
8.1 
How does a Restricted Person seek clearance? 
If a Restricted Person needs clearance under this policy to deal in any REA 
Securities, please complete the “Securities Dealing Request Form” attached in 
Schedule 1 (and also available on the REA Group intranet), or provide the 
information set out in that form. The Company Secretary is responsible for managing 
the approval process in accordance with section 8.3.  
Any request for clearance will be answered as soon as is practicable. Where 
clearance is granted, it will last for five business days - if you do not complete the 
dealing within this period you will need to apply for a new clearance.  
For Directors: If clearance is given, you must advise the Company Secretary within 
two business days of executing the dealing, to assist REA to comply with its 
disclosure obligations under the ASX Listing Rules. 
For personal use only

Page 8 of 10 
 
 
8.2 
Conditions of any approval or refusal 
Any clearance to deal: 
(a) 
can be given or refused in the approver’s discretion without giving any 
reasons; 
(b) 
can be withdrawn at any time before you deal if new information becomes 
available or there is a change in circumstances; and 
(c) 
is final and binding on you (regardless of whether it was sought on the 
Restricted Person’s own behalf or on behalf of a Connected Party). 
If clearance to deal is refused, you must keep that information confidential and not 
disclose it to anyone. 
8.3 
Who approves any request for clearance? 
Any request for clearance will be considered by: 
(a) 
if you are the Chair of the Board - the Chair of the Audit, Risk and Compliance 
Committee (ARCC) and either the CEO or the Company Secretary; 
(b) 
if you are any other director or the CEO - the Chair of the Board and either 
the CEO (except in the case of a request for clearance by the CEO) or the 
Company Secretary; 
(c) 
if you report directly to the CEO - the CEO;  
(d) 
for all other Restricted Persons – the Company Secretary, except where you 
are seeking clearance to deal during a Blackout Period, in which case the 
request will be considered by the CEO.  
9. 
Monitoring of dealing 
REA may monitor dealings in REA Securities as part of the administration of this 
policy and may, where appropriate, seek to block dealings which we consider to be 
in breach of this policy.  
Take note: Any clearance given by REA is only given based on the information 
you provide and does not relieve you of your individual responsibility to comply 
with the law, including the prohibition on insider trading.  
Any clearance given is not an endorsement of the dealing. You are responsible 
for your own investment decisions and compliance with the law. 
We will consider any clearance we give to have been automatically withdrawn, 
and of no effect, if you did not tell us of Inside Information you knew when seeking 
the clearance, or if you subsequently become aware of Inside Information before 
you deal in the securities. 
For personal use only

Page 9 of 10 
 
 
REA may also apply blocks or restrictions on any REA Securities held under an 
employee share scheme which are held or controlled by the scheme administrator 
to prevent dealing which would breach this policy. 
10. 
Breaches of this policy 
Any breach of this policy will be regarded as serious misconduct and may lead to 
corrective disciplinary action being taken, which may include termination of 
employment or engagement in serious cases. 
 
Policy Effective: 6 May 2026 
 
 
For personal use only

Page 10 of 10 
 
 
 
Schedule 1 – Securities Dealing Request Form  
 
Name 
 
Team 
 
Nature of agreement/dealing 
(sale/purchase/subscription) 
 
Proposed number of securities to 
be dealt in 
 
Proposed date of transaction 
 
Other relevant information (i.e. 
reason if request relates to dealing 
during a blackout window) 
 
 
 
I confirm that: 
(a) 
I am not in possession of any non-public information which, if generally 
available, might materially affect the price or value of REA Group Securities; 
and 
(b) 
The transaction in REA Group Securities described above does not 
contravene the Securities Dealing Policy of REA Group. 
 
Signed: ………………………………….. 
Dated: ……………………………………. 
 
For personal use only
