Regal Asian Investments Limited 
ABN 58 635 219 484 
Level 47 Gateway, 1 Macquarie Place 
Sydney NSW 2000 Australia 
T. +61 2 8197 4333
www.regalfm.com/RG8
1 
25 October 2024 
ASX Market Announcements Office 
ASX Limited 
Exchange Centre 
20 Bridge Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Revised Securities Trading Policy 
Regal Asian Investments Limited revised its Securities Trading Policy with effect from 22 October 2024. The revised policy 
is attached in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10. 
AUTHORISED FOR RELEASE BY: 
Candice Driver, Company Secretary 
INVESTOR CONTACT INFORMATION: 
Ingrid Groer, CFA 
Regal Partners Limited, RG8 
Phone: +61 2 8197 4333  
Email: 
investorrelations@regalpartners.com 
ABOUT RG8 
RG8 provides investors with access to an actively managed, concentrated portfolio, comprised of long investments and 
short positions in securities with exposure to the Asian region. In June 2022, portfolio management responsibilities for 
RG8 transitioned from the VGI Partners investment team to specialist alternatives investment manager Regal Funds 
Management (Regal) under an investment advisory agreement with Regal Asian Investments Management Pty Ltd. In 
November 2022, the Company changed its name and ticker from VGI Partners Asian Investments Limited (ASX:VG8) to 
Regal Asian Investments Limited (ASX:RG8) to reflect those changes. Utilising a fundamental, bottom-up investment 
approach, the portfolio leverages Regal’s extensive experience, network and specialist investment team.  
For personal use only

RPL Securities Trading Policy 
Page 1 of 9 
Securities Trading Policy 
Regal Asian Investments Limited ACN 635 219 484 
1.
Background
1.1 
The principal insider trading prohibition is section 1043A of the Corporations Act.  Subject to limited 
exceptions, it prohibits a person who has Inside Information relating to Company Securities or the 
Securities of another entity from:  
(a)
Dealing in relevant Securities;
(b)
procuring another person to do so; or
(c)
communicating, directly or indirectly, Inside Information to someone else when the insider
knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the other person would or is likely to:
(i)
Deal in relevant Securities; or
(ii)
procure another person to do so.
1.2 
It does not matter how the insider received the information. 
1.3 
Insider trading is a criminal offence, punishable by substantial fines, imprisonment or both.  The 
Company may also be liable if a Relevant Person engages in insider trading. 
1.4 
Insider trading may also attract civil penalties.  A court may impose substantial pecuniary penalties, 
and order compensation be paid to persons suffering related loss or damage.  
2.
Interpretation
Capitalised words and phrases are defined terms. For definitions, see clause 18.
3.
Introduction
3.1 
The ordinary shares of the Company are quoted on ASX. 
3.2 
This policy applies to trading in Securities and outlines: 
(a)
when Relevant Persons and Associates must not Deal in Company Securities;
(b)
when Relevant Persons and Associates must not Deal in Securities of another entity; and
(c)
certain limited exceptions to the restrictions in Dealing in Company Securities which are
contained in this policy.
3.3 
The purpose of this policy is to ensure compliance with all applicable laws and to minimise the 
scope for misunderstandings or suspicions regarding Relevant Persons and Associates trading in 
Company Securities while in possession of Inside Information. 
4.
What is Inside Information?
(a)
Inside Information is information that:
(i)
is not generally available; and
(ii)
if it were generally available, would, or would be likely to, influence persons who
normally invest in Securities in deciding whether to acquire or dispose of the relevant
securities.
(b)
Information is generally available if it:
(i)
is readily observable;
For personal use only

RPL Securities Trading Policy 
Page 2 of 9 
(ii) 
has been made known in a way that is likely to bring it to the attention of persons 
who normally invest in the relevant type of securities, and a reasonable time for the 
information to be circulated has since passed; or 
(iii) 
consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences drawn from information that has 
been made known in that way or is readily observable. 
(c) 
Inside Information is also known as 'material price-sensitive information'.  It need not relate 
only to the Company.  It could also be information about a customer, or supplier of the 
Company, or an entity into which the Company has invested or a party with whom the 
Company is discussing future opportunities or negotiating a significant transaction.   
(d) 
In order to minimise the risk of insider trading, and to otherwise comply with the continuous 
disclosure obligations under the Corporations Act and the ASX Listing Rules, the Company 
must immediately disclose to the market any material price-sensitive information not 
otherwise excluded from disclosure in accordance with the Company's continuous 
disclosure obligations.  
(e) 
Material price-sensitive information is Inside Information even if it does not trigger a 
disclosure obligation under the continuous disclosure regime in the Corporations Act and 
the ASX Listing Rules.  
(f) 
The Corporations Act imposes severe penalties (both criminal and civil) on persons who 
conduct insider trading activities. Any perception of improper conduct by Relevant Persons 
also has the potential to substantially damage the Company’s reputation. 
5. 
What is Dealing in Securities? 
5.1 
Dealing in Securities includes: 
(a) 
applying for, acquiring or disposing of, Securities; 
(b) 
entering into an agreement to do so; or 
(c) 
granting, accepting, acquiring, disposing, exercising or discharging an option or other right 
or obligation to acquire or dispose of Securities. 
5.2 
Dealing in Company Securities can include, but is not limited to:  
(a) 
buying or selling Company Securities by way of an on-market or off-market transaction;  
(b) 
granting, acquiring or disposing of a beneficial interest in Company Securities, such as 
through a trust that holds Company Securities;   
(c) 
applying for, acquiring or exercising options or rights over Company Securities;  
(d) 
acquiring Company Securities (or an interest in them) under any equity incentive plan 
operated by the Company;  
(e) 
accepting, or taking up entitlements under, a dividend reinvestment plan, rights issue, bonus 
issue, share purchase plan or any other offer of Securities made by the Company;  
(f) 
accepting an offer under a takeover bid for Company Securities;  
(g) 
entering into a Derivative; and 
(h) 
agreeing to do any of the above things.  
6. 
When a Relevant Person or their Associates must not Deal 
6.1 
A Relevant Person (or his or her Associate) must not, in any circumstances, Deal or procure another 
person to Deal in Company Securities, if they are in possession of Inside Information in relation to 
Company Securities.  
6.2 
A Relevant Person (or his or her Associate) must not, in any circumstances, Deal or procure another 
person to Deal in Securities relating to another entity, if they are in possession of Inside Information 
in relation to those Securities. 
For personal use only

RPL Securities Trading Policy 
Page 3 of 9 
7. 
"Front page" test 
7.1 
Each Relevant Person and his or her Associates should use the "front page" test as a general rule 
before Dealing with Company Securities or Securities relating to another entity.  The "front page" 
test requires each person to ask: 
'If the market was aware of all the current circumstances surrounding the Company, could 
the proposed Dealing be perceived by the market as the Relevant Person or his or her 
Associate taking advantage of his or her position in an inappropriate way?  What will the 
public perception be if it were reported on the front page of the newspaper?' 
7.2 
Any Dealing in Company Securities or Securities of another entity under this policy must not be 
made if that Dealing would fail the "front page" test. 
8. 
Notification of periods when trading is permissible 
The Chief Financial Officer will endeavour to notify each Relevant Person of times when he or she 
is permitted to buy or sell Company Securities. 
9. 
Blackout periods for Relevant Persons and Associates to Deal in Company 
Securities 
9.1 
As the Company is a listed investment company which will announce its investment updates and 
NTA weekly and monthly on the ASX, the Board believes that the Company's shareholders are 
generally fully informed.   
9.2 
In addition to the overriding prohibition on Dealing when a person is in possession of Inside 
Information, Relevant Persons and Associates are only permitted to deal in Company Securities in 
accordance with clause 10 or with the prior approval of the Clearance Officer (see also clause 11). 
9.3 
Subject to clauses 10 and 11.2, Relevant Persons and Associates are not permitted to Deal in 
Company Securities in the following periods (each a ‘blackout period’):  
(a) 
the period beginning five business days prior to the date:  
(i) 
the Company’s half year and full year results are scheduled to be released to the 
ASX; and  
(ii) 
the Company announces a dividend or other capital management initiative that 
may have a material impact on the price of the Company’s ordinary shares,  
and ending at the commencement of trading on the first trading day after such release or 
announcement; 
(b) 
during any periods when on-market share purchases are being undertaken under the 
‘performance fee reinvestment mechanism’;  
(c) 
during any periods when on-market share purchases are being undertaken pursuant to 
the Company's dividend reinvestment plan; and 
(d) 
any other period determined by the Board.  
10. 
Exceptions 
10.1 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this policy (other than clause 10.2), a Relevant Person or 
Associate may at any time (including during a blackout period): 
(a) 
undertake a Dealing which is conducted for the purpose of, and in accordance with, the 
Management Agreement or the performance fee reinvestment mechanism in connection 
with the Management Agreement;  
(b) 
Deal in Company Securities under an offer or invitation made by the Company to all or most 
of its ordinary shareholders – such as an offer or invitation under a rights issue, bonus issue, 
equal access buy-back or in lieu of a cash dividend (and including, without limitation, 
decisions relating to whether or not to take up entitlements, and the sale of entitlements 
required to provide for the take-up of the balance of entitlements, under a renounceable 
rights issue) – or under an equal reduction of capital undertaken by the Company;   
For personal use only

RPL Securities Trading Policy 
Page 4 of 9 
(c) 
undertake a Dealing which involves or results from an acquisition of Company Securities 
under a security purchase plan or a dividend reinvestment plan where the Relevant Person 
or his or her Associate: 
(i) 
did not commence or amend their participation in the plan during a blackout period; 
and 
(ii) 
did not withdraw from the plan during a blackout period; 
(d) 
undertake to accept, or accept, an offer for Company Securities made under a takeover bid 
or dispose of Company Securities under a court-approved compromise or arrangement 
under Part 5.1 of the Corporations Act;  
(e) 
undertake a Dealing in units of or interests in, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme 
investing primarily in Company Securities) whereby the assets of that fund or scheme are 
invested at a third party's sole discretion;  
(f) 
undertake a Dealing of Company Securities as a result of a change in the trustee of a trust;  
(g) 
accept an offer to acquire Company Securities, or acquire Company Securities, under any 
equity incentive plan that the Board from time to time determines is a plan to which this 
clause 10.1 applies;  
(h) 
exercise (but not sell Company Securities following exercise) an option or right under an 
equity incentive plan, or convert a convertible security, where the final date for exercise or 
conversion falls during a blackout period, and the Company has been in an exceptionally 
long blackout period or has had a number of consecutive blackout period and exercise or 
conversion could not reasonably have occurred outside a blackout period and provided that 
the Clearance Officer has confirmed that the exercise is permitted;  
(i) 
undertake a Dealing which involves or results in the forfeiture, lapse, cancellation or 
surrender of Company Securities under an equity incentive plan; 
(j) 
undertake a Dealing which involves or results in an off-market transaction involving the 
transfer or other disposal of Company Securities between a Relevant Person or Associate 
and any of the following: 
(i) 
an Associate of the Relevant Person (or, in the case of an Associate, the Relevant 
Person (as applicable));  
(ii) 
a company, trust or other entity over which the, Relevant Person or Associate of 
that Relevant Person (as applicable) has control or significant influence (whether 
alone or jointly with any of their close Associates); or  
(iii) 
a superannuation fund or other pension or saving scheme in which the Relevant 
Person or an Associate of that Relevant Person is a beneficiary; or 
(k) 
undertake a Dealing in Company Securities or communicate information pursuant to a 
requirement imposed by law, 
provided that the Relevant Person or Associate:  
(l) 
prior to Dealing, notifies the Clearance Officer of their intention to Deal and provides 
confirmation that he or she is not in possession of Inside Information; and. 
(m) 
provides the Clearance Officer with a transaction confirmation after such Dealing. 
10.2 
All Dealings referred to in clause 10.1 are subject to the overriding inside trading prohibition  that 
is, a Relevant Person or their Associate must not Deal if he or she has Inside Information in relation 
to Company Securities. 
 
 
For personal use only

RPL Securities Trading Policy 
Page 5 of 9 
10.3 
Before a Relevant Person or Associate Deals or procures another person to Deal in Company 
Securities or Securities of another entity, they should consider carefully whether they are in 
possession of any Inside Information that might preclude them from Dealing or procuring another 
person to Deal in the relevant Securities. If a Relevant Person or Associate is in doubt as to whether 
they are in possession of Inside Information, they should not Deal or procure another person to 
Deal in Company Securities or Securities of another entity.  
11. 
Obtaining Clearance  
11.1 
Subject to clause 10.1, if a Relevant Person or Associate proposes to Deal in Company Securities 
at any time, he or she must not be in possession of Inside Information, and prior to such Dealing, 
must: 
(a) 
request Clearance pursuant to clause 11.6; and 
(b) 
provide confirmation that he or she is not in possession of Inside Information. 
If a Clearance is given in accordance with clause 11.9, the Relevant Person or Associate must 
provide the Clearance Officer with a transaction confirmation after such Dealing.  
11.2 
The Clearance Officer also has discretion to provide Clearance during the blackout period in 
exceptional circumstances, including:  
(a) 
if a person is required by court order, or enforceable undertaking (eg in a bona fide family 
settlement) to transfer or sell Company Securities or there is another overriding legal 
requirement to do so; or 
(b) 
if a person has a pressing financial commitment that cannot otherwise be satisfied and all 
reasonable alternatives have been investigated.   
11.3 
A tax liability will not generally constitute a pressing financial commitment unless it fits the definition 
in clause 11.2(b).  
11.4 
A Clearance Officer may delegate his or her authority in writing to an appropriate person in the 
event of illness or absence, provided that person is not a member of the class for which he or she 
is the Clearance Officer.  
11.5 
Clearance will not be given:  
(a) 
retrospectively;  
(b) 
if there is a matter about which there is Inside Information in relation to Company Securities 
(regardless of whether the applicant is aware of it) when Clearance is requested;  
(c) 
if there is reason to believe that the proposed Dealing will fail the "front page" test in clause 
7; or 
(d) 
if there is other reason to believe that the proposed Dealing breaches this policy. 
11.6 
A request for Clearance must: 
(a) 
be in writing and given by hand or email to the Clearance Officer, in such form and with 
such supporting information as the Clearance Officer may require, prior to the proposed 
Dealing in Company Securities; 
(b) 
set out the number of Company Securities subject to the proposed Dealing, and details 
thereof (eg whether the proposed transaction will be on-market or off-market); and 
(c) 
(where necessary) include sufficient information to demonstrate exceptional circumstances 
and that the proposed disposal is the only reasonable course of action available to the 
applicant and include such confirmations as the Clearance Officer may require.  
11.7 
The Clearance Officer must: 
(a) 
keep a written record of: 
(i) 
any information or request received in connection with this policy; and 
(ii) 
any Clearance given; and 
(b) 
if they are not the Company Secretary, send a copy of that record to the Company Secretary 
for keeping. 
For personal use only

RPL Securities Trading Policy 
Page 6 of 9 
11.8 
The Company Secretary must keep a file of materials received under clauses 11.1, 11.2 and 11.7. 
11.9 
A Clearance: 
(a) 
must be in writing and may be given by hand or emailed;  
(b) 
will only be given if the Clearance Officer is satisfied that the applicant has no Inside 
Information and the circumstances are exceptional; 
(c) 
will remain in force for the date of approval only, unless otherwise notified by the Clearance 
Officer (if the Dealing is not placed within this time, the Clearance will no longer have effect 
and a new Clearance must be requested and obtained);  
(d) 
lapses immediately if the applicant acquires Inside Information;  
(e) 
can be given or refused by the Clearance Officer in its absolute discretion without providing 
any reasons; and 
(f) 
may be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a change in circumstances.  
11.10 A Clearance Officer's refusal to provide Clearance is final and binding on the person seeking the 
Clearance. If Clearance is refused by the Clearance Officer, the person who sought the Clearance 
must keep that information confidential and not disclose it to anyone.  
11.11 A Clearance is not an endorsement.  Relevant Persons and Associates remain responsible for their 
compliance with this policy and the Corporations Act.  
12. 
Dealings by an Associate 
12.1 
If a Relevant Person may not Deal in Company Securities, he or she must also prevent such Dealing 
by his or her Associate. 
12.2 
A Relevant Person must: 
(a) 
inform any Associate of the periods during which the Relevant Person must not Deal in 
Company Securities;  
(b) 
inform any Associate that he or she must not Deal in Company Securities on a speculative 
basis; and 
(c) 
request any Associate to inform the Relevant Person immediately after Dealing in Company 
Securities. 
12.3 
A Relevant Person does not have to comply with clauses 12.1 and 12.2 to the extent that 
compliance would breach his or her obligation of confidence to the Group or otherwise breach the 
insider trading provisions in the Corporations Act. 
13. 
Communicating Inside Information 
13.1 
A Relevant Person or Associate must not directly or indirectly communicate Inside Information in 
relation to Company Securities or Securities relating to another entity, if he or she knows, or ought 
reasonably to know, that the other person would be likely to:  
(a) 
Deal in relevant Securities; or  
(b) 
procure another person to so Deal. 
13.2 
If during the course of a discussion with any analyst, journalist or other outsider, material non-public 
information concerning the Company is disclosed, inadvertently or otherwise, the recipient of the 
information should be informed of its non-public nature and cautioned against its use unless and 
until the Company has made full public disclosure of the information. The Company Secretary 
should be notified of the situation immediately so that a decision can be made regarding disclosure 
of the information.  
13.3 
No public comments should be made regarding any previously undisclosed operating results or 
other developments unless authorised by the Company.  
13.4 
The provisions of clause 13 do not limit, and are additional to, other duties of confidentiality.  
For personal use only

RPL Securities Trading Policy 
Page 7 of 9 
14. 
Notice of change in director's interest 
14.1 
If a Relevant Person is a director of the Company, he or she must ensure that an Appendix 3Y 
Change of Directors' Interest Notice is completed (including the disclosures required by Part 3 of 
that document titled: 'Closed period') and provided to the Company Secretary within two business 
days after any Dealing in Company Securities.  This is to ensure that the Company can comply with 
its obligations under Chapter 3 of the ASX Listing Rules.  
14.2 
The Company Secretary must provide the Appendix 3Y notice to ASX within five business days 
after the applicable Dealing in Company Securities.  
15. 
Speculative Dealing 
A Relevant Person or Associate must not engage in short term Dealing in Company Securities.  
Short-term trading includes Dealing in securities within a 3 month period and entering into other 
short-term dealings in a manner which involves frequent and regular trading activity. 
16. 
Derivatives 
16.1 
The Company may grant securities, options or performance rights to its employees or those 
individuals engaged in the management of the Company's business as part of their remuneration 
entitlements. These grants will usually be subject to the satisfaction of performance hurdles before 
they vest. The use of Derivatives over unvested Company Securities may allow value to be realised 
from those Securities even if performance hurdles have not been met. This would break the 
intended connection between staff performance and shareholder best interests.  
16.2 
Accordingly, Relevant Persons are not permitted to use Derivatives in relation to any unvested 
Company Securities.  
16.3 
Relevant Persons may use Derivatives in relation to vested Company Securities, provided any 
Dealing complies with the balance of this policy.  
17. 
Margin loans 
17.1 
Margin loans to support an investment in Company Securities (and other types of margin lending 
arrangements) can compromise compliance with this policy, as the loan's terms may compel the 
sale of Company Securities during a blackout period or when the Relevant Person has relevant 
Inside Information.  
17.2 
Save where expressly permitted by the Board, Relevant Persons are prohibited from entering into 
margin loan arrangements to fund the acquisition of Company Securities or in relation to which 
Company Securities may be used as security against loan repayments.  
18. 
Defined terms 
Associate means someone that a Relevant Person (the Principal) can be regarded as having 
investment control or influence over, including:  
(a) 
a family member of the Principal (including a child);  
(b) 
a nominee of the Principal (including an investment manager managing funds on the 
Principal's behalf);  
(c) 
a trust of which the Principal, or any family member, or any family-controlled company is 
the trustee or beneficiary;  
(d) 
a person in partnership with the Principal or a connected person mentioned above; and 
(e) 
a company that the Principal controls. 
ASX means ASX Limited or the financial market operated by it, as the context requires. 
ASX Listing Rules means the listing rules of the ASX as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Board means the directors of the Company from time to time, acting as a board. 
For personal use only

RPL Securities Trading Policy 
Page 8 of 9 
Clearance means permission given to a Relevant Person or Associate to Deal in Company 
Securities.  
Clearance Officer means: 
(a) 
for all Relevant Persons (excluding the Company Secretary or a director of the Company), 
the Company Secretary;  
(b) 
for the Company Secretary or a director of the Company (excluding the Chair of the 
Board), the Chair of the Board; 
(c) 
for the Chair of the Board, the Chair of the Board's Audit and Risk Committee; and 
(d) 
for an Associate, the Clearance Officer of his or her Principal. 
Company means Regal Asian Investments Limited ACN 635 219 484.  
Company Securities includes Securities and Derivatives of the Company. 
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), as amended or modified from time to 
time. 
Dealing has the meaning given in clause 5, and Deal has a corresponding meaning. 
Derivatives has the meaning given in the Corporations Act and includes the following if they relate 
to or derive their value from Company Securities; put or call options, forward contracts, futures, 
warrants, depositary receipts, structured financial products, swaps, contracts for difference, spread 
bets, caps and collars, and any other hedging or investment arrangement. 
Group means the Company and its controlled entities. 
Inside Information has the meaning given in clause 4.  
Investment Manager means Regal Asian Investments Management Pty Limited ACN 635 179 
538. 
Management Agreement means the management agreement between the Company and the 
Investment Manager dated 2 September 2019. 
NTA means net tangible assets. 
Relevant Person means: 
(a) 
any director or company secretary of any member of the Group;  
(b) 
any person with authority and responsibility, whether direct or not, for the planning, direction 
and control of the Company's activities (ie key management personnel); 
(c) 
any employees and personnel of the Investment Manager or who otherwise provide 
services to the Investment Manager (including, for the avoidance of doubt, employees and 
personnel of Regal Partners Limited and its subsidiaries, any contractor or consultant 
whose terms of engagement incorporate this policy; and 
(d) 
any other person determined by the Board to be a ‘Relevant Person’ from time to time. 
Securities include shares (including, but not limited to, ordinary and preference shares), 
debentures, any legal or equitable right or interest in shares or debentures, options, convertible 
notes, a renounceable or non-renounceable right to subscribe for a share or debenture, Derivatives, 
interests in managed investment schemes and other financial products.  
19. 
Breach 
A breach of this policy is serious and may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal.   
20. 
Assistance and additional information 
Anyone who has information that he or she considers might be Inside Information and is unsure 
whether he or she can Deal in Company Securities or Securities of another entity should contact 
his or her Clearance Officer for assistance and additional information. 
For personal use only

RPL Securities Trading Policy 
Page 9 of 9 
21. 
Distribution 
This policy must be distributed to all Relevant Persons. 
22. 
Amendment 
22.1 
Amendments to this policy not of a purely administrative nature must be approved by the Board.  
22.2 
Amendments to this policy that relate to:  
(a) 
blackout periods;  
(b) 
exclusions from its operation;  
(c) 
exceptional circumstances in which trading may be permitted during a prohibited period; or 
(d) 
are otherwise material,   
must be given to ASX by the Company Secretary for release to the market.  
23. 
Approved and adopted 
This policy was last reviewed and approved by the Board on 22 October 2024. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only
