Shopping Centres Australasia Property Group
Page 1
Securities Trading Policy
Shopping Centres Australasia Property Group
Adopted on 3 October 2012.
For personal use only

Shopping Centres Australasia Property Group
Securities Trading Policy
Page 2
1.
Introduction
1.1
Purpose and objectives
This Policy sets out the policy of the REIT on the dealing in Securities (particularly REIT 
Units) by REIT Personnel.
The purpose of the Policy is to assist REIT Personnel to avoid conduct that would 
constitute the offence of ‘insider trading’ under the Corporations Act.  In some respects, 
this Policy extends beyond the strict requirements of the Corporations Act, so as to avoid 
any appearance or allegations of impropriety in dealings in Securities by REIT Personnel.
1.2
Application
This Policy applies generally to all REIT Personnel.  Additional responsibilities apply to 
Designated Persons, as set out in section 4 of this Policy.  Some aspects of this Policy also 
extend to Connected Persons of REIT Personnel, as set out in sections 3.1, 3.6 and 4.4 of 
this Policy.
1.3
Consequences of breach
Under the Corporations Act, insider trading is a criminal offence, attracting potential fines 
and imprisonment.  Civil penalties and compensation may also be ordered against a 
person engaging in insider trading.
In addition to the consequences applicable under law, REIT Personnel who fail to adhere 
to the requirements of this Policy face disciplinary action, potentially including dismissal.
1.4
Responsibility
Each REIT Person has an individual responsibility to ensure that he or she complies with 
both the law relating to insider trading and the other requirements of this Policy.  This 
Policy is only a general guide in relation to complex legal provisions, and should not be 
taken as legal advice.
If at any stage you are in doubt as to your freedom to deal in Securities (particularly REIT 
Units), you should consult the Company Secretary.  Any guidance obtained from the 
Company Secretary, a director or other officer of the REIT will not affect your individual 
responsibility to comply with your obligations under this Policy.
1.5
Currency
This Policy was last updated on 3 October 2012.
2.
Compliance with the Law
2.1
Insider trading prohibition
The Corporations Act prohibits a person from engaging in insider trading, and REIT
Personnel are prohibited by this Policy from engaging in insider trading.
For personal use only

Shopping Centres Australasia Property Group
Securities Trading Policy
Page 3
In broad terms, a person will have engaged in insider trading if:
(a)
that person possesses Inside Information in relation to Securities (whether in 
relation to REIT Units or Securities of any other entity); and
(b)
that person:
(i)
buys or sells Securities that are the subject of the Inside Information, or 
agrees to do so; or
(ii)
procures someone else to buy or sell the Securities that are the subject of 
the Inside Information, or agrees to do so; or
(iii)
passes on that Inside Information to a third party where the person knows, 
or ought reasonably to know, that the third party would be likely to use the 
information to do any of the above things.
The insider trading prohibition applies in relation to conduct of REIT Personnel on their own 
behalf, or on behalf of another person.  Additionally, a REIT Person may engage in insider 
trading if, while the REIT Person is in possession of Inside Information, another person 
engages in the conduct described at section 2.1(b) above on the REIT Person's behalf.
2.2
Examples of Inside Information
To illustrate the prohibition described above, the following are possible examples of price 
sensitive information which, if not generally available, may constitute Inside Information:
•
a change in an entity's forecast or expectation;
•
a proposed major acquisition or disposal of assets;
•
a proposed or actual takeover;
•
a significant new development proposal;
•
the likely granting (or loss) of a major contract or government approval;
•
a proposed distribution or change in distribution policy;
•
a proposed new issue of Securities ;
•
a significant change in senior management of the REIT or of another entity.
The above is not an exhaustive list of Inside Information.  
Information is 'generally available' (and therefore does not constitute Inside Information)
where the information:
•
is readily observable; or 
•
has been brought to the attention of investors by an ASX announcement or similar 
communication made to the general public and a reasonable period for its 
dissemination has elapsed since the announcement; or
•
is able to be deduced, concluded or inferred from other generally available 
information.
For personal use only

Shopping Centres Australasia Property Group
Securities Trading Policy
Page 4
The REIT will usually make information generally available by releasing it to the ASX.  The 
REIT's continuous disclosure obligations are explained in its Continuous Disclosure Policy 
and Unitholder Communications Policy.
2.3
Not limited to REIT information
The prohibition on insider trading in section 2.1 above applies equally to where Inside 
Information is held by a REIT Person in respect of another company's Securities , as it 
does to Inside Information relating to the REIT Units.
2.4
Employee equity incentive schemes
As a result of an exception to the insider trading prohibition under the Corporations Act, 
REIT Personnel will not breach the statutory prohibition on insider trading or the prohibition 
in section 2.1 of this Policy by applying for REIT Units under an employee equity incentive
plan offered by the REIT or acquiring REIT Units under such an application, regardless of 
whether REIT Personnel are in possession of Inside Information at the time of making such 
applications or acquisitions.
However, REIT Personnel may still breach the statutory prohibition on insider trading and
the prohibition in section 2.1 of this Policy if, while in the possession of Inside Information, 
they subsequently dispose of REIT Units acquired under those employee equity plans or 
communicate Inside Information to any other person.
3.
Additional policies applicable to REIT Personnel
In addition to their obligation to comply with the law and this Policy in relation to insider trading (see 
section 2 above), REIT Personnel are subject to the policies in this section 3.
3.1
Short-term or speculative dealing
REIT Personnel are encouraged to be long-term holders of REIT Units.  As speculation in 
short-term fluctuations in REIT Units does not promote market or shareholder confidence in 
the integrity of the REIT or REIT Personnel, no REIT Person may deal in REIT Units within 
12 months of their acquisition by that REIT Person unless they first resign.  
Subject to sections 3.2 and 3.4 of this Policy, this prohibition does not restrict the vesting or 
exercise of options over or rights to REIT Units under an incentive scheme offered to REIT
Personnel, and the subsequent sale of the underlying units within a 12 month period.  
Similarly, the sale of REIT Units at the end of a restriction period applying under such a 
scheme is not prohibited.  
Each REIT Person should also take all reasonable steps to prevent their Connected 
Persons from engaging in short-term or speculative dealings in relation to REIT Units.
3.2
Blackout periods
Subject to sections 3.3 and 3.4 of this Policy, a REIT Person must not Deal in any REIT 
Units during the following periods:
(a)
the period from 1 January until 12 noon (AEST) on the next business day after the 
day on which the half-year results are released; and
For personal use only

Shopping Centres Australasia Property Group
Securities Trading Policy
Page 5
(b)
the period from 1 July until 12 noon (AEST) on the next business day after the day 
on which full year results are released; and
(c)
the period beginning on the date that is six weeks before the AGM of the REIT and 
ending at 12 noon (AEST) on the next business day after the day on which the 
AGM of the REIT is held.
Additionally, the REIT may declare a blackout period during which REIT Personnel are 
prohibited from Dealing in REIT Units at any time at its absolute discretion and without prior 
notice if considered necessary by the directors of the REIT.
It must always be remembered, that even where a blackout period is not operating, REIT
Personnel may be prohibited from Dealing in REIT Units and other REIT Units under the 
insider trading prohibitions in section 2.1.
3.3
Clearance notices
A clearance notice allowing a REIT Person who is not in possession of Inside Information 
to sell (but not purchase) REIT Units during the periods described in section 3.2 above may 
be given by the REIT where that REIT Person is in severe financial hardship or there are 
other exceptional circumstances.
Sales for which a clearance notice has been received remain subject to the insider trading 
prohibitions in section 2.1.
Applications for a clearance notice must:
•
contain details of the reason for the request (including the nature of the severe 
financial hardship or other exceptional circumstances); and
•
be made in writing to the Chairman (or, in the case of the Chairman, the Company 
Secretary).
The determination as to whether or not severe financial hardship or other exceptional 
circumstances exist rests solely in the discretion of the Chairman (or Company Secretary, 
as applicable).
As a guide, exceptional circumstances would include passive trades, for instance where a 
person is required by a court order or otherwise by law to sell the relevant REIT Units.  
Severe financial hardship would not normally include a liability to pay tax unless the person 
has no other means by which to do so.
A clearance notice must be in writing (including in electronic form).  The REIT Person 
should keep a record of any clearance notices received.
A REIT Person who receives a clearance notice allowing them to sell REIT Units must 
complete the sale as soon as possible and, in any event, within three business days of the 
clearance being received.  The REIT Person must notify the Company Secretary promptly 
after the sale is completed.
3.4
Dealings not subject to the blackout period trading restriction 
The following dealings are excluded from the blackout period trading restriction in section 
3.2, but remain subject to the insider trading prohibitions in section 2.1:
For personal use only

Shopping Centres Australasia Property Group
Securities Trading Policy
Page 6
(a)
transfers of REIT Units that are already held by the REIT Person or in which the 
REIT Person has a relevant interest into a superannuation fund or other saving 
scheme in which the REIT Person is the beneficiary;
(b)
transfers of REIT Units between a REIT Person and a Connected Person;
(c)
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a 
scheme only investing in REIT Units) where the assets of the fund or other scheme 
are invested at the discretion of a third party;
(d)
where a REIT Person is a trustee, trading in the REIT Units by that trust provided 
that the REIT Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade 
during the blackout period is taken by the other trustee(s) or by the investment 
managers independently of the REIT Person;
(e)
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer or scheme of 
arrangement in respect of the REIT;
(f)
dealing in REIT Units under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security 
holders, such as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a distribution 
reinvestment plan and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines 
the timing and structure of the offer has been approved by the Board of the REIT.  
This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and 
the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of 
entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue;
(g)
applying for REIT Units, and acquiring REIT Units under such application, under 
any employee share plan in which a REIT Person has been invited to participate;
(h)
acquiring REIT Units under a distribution reinvestment plan or unit purchase plan
operated by the REIT, where the REIT Person did not enter into the plan or amend 
the terms of their participation in the plan during the blackout period;
(i)
a disposal of REIT Units that is the result of a secured lender exercising their 
rights.  For the avoidance of doubt, this does not extend to the exercise by a lender 
of rights under a margin lending arrangement;
(j)
dealing under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior written clearance has 
been provided in accordance with the procedures set out in this policy and where:
(i)
the REIT Person did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during the 
blackout period; and
(ii)
the trading plan does not permit the REIT Person to exercise any influence 
or discretion over how, when or whether to trade.
(k)
dealings where the beneficial interest in the REIT Units does not change.
However, a Designated Person who proposes to Deal in REIT Units pursuant to an 
exception contained in this section must also comply with the notification and approval 
requirements set out in section 4.2.
For personal use only

Shopping Centres Australasia Property Group
Securities Trading Policy
Page 7
3.5
Derivatives
REIT Personnel must not use, nor allow to be used, any Derivatives in relation to any 
unvested REIT Units or vested REIT Units that are still subject to disposal restrictions.
The use of Derivatives over REIT Units that have vested and are exercisable must, like any 
other Dealing in REIT Units, comply with the law and other provisions of this Policy, 
including in relation to short-term dealings, blackout periods and, in the case of Designated 
Persons, the notification and approval procedures set out in section 4.2.
Additionally, the REIT may publicly disclose any Derivative positions over REIT Units taken 
out by a director of the REIT.
3.6
Communication of Inside Information
REIT Personnel are prohibited from communicating Inside Information to a Connected 
Person.
4.
Specific Requirements for Designated Persons
4.1
Designated Persons
Each director of the REIT, Company Secretary, General Counsel and key management 
personnel of the REIT, by virtue of their role and position within the REIT, needs to take 
additional care in relation to dealings in REIT Units, due to the potential for adverse public 
perceptions to be formed.  Such people are therefore treated as Designated Persons for 
the purposes of this Policy and are subject to additional obligations.
Other REIT Personnel may also from time to time occupy a position, or be involved in a 
particular activity, that means that they should (at least for a certain period) also take 
additional care in relation to dealings in REIT Units.  Accordingly, the Company Secretary
may from time to time designate any other REIT Person as a Designated Person for the 
purposes of this Policy, with such persons to be subject to the additional obligations 
detailed in this clause 4.  The principles used to determine which REIT Personnel will be 
deemed to be Designated Persons for the purpose of this Policy are set out in Annexure A.
It must always be remembered, however, that Designated Persons not only need to comply 
with those obligations, but are also responsible at all times for complying with the law, in 
particular insider trading laws.
4.2
Notification and approval in relation to REIT Units
Designated Persons, irrespective of whether they are permitted to Deal in REIT Units in 
accordance with sections 2, 3 or 4 of this Policy, must comply with the policies set out in 
this section 4.
Any Designated Person must, prior to Dealing in REIT Units (subject to certain limited 
exceptions set out below), first notify the Chairman (or in the case of the Chairman, the 
Company Secretary) of that proposed Dealing, by completing and submitting a notification 
and request in the form of Annexure B to this Policy (or such other form as the REIT may 
specify from time to time).
For personal use only

Shopping Centres Australasia Property Group
Securities Trading Policy
Page 8
Designated Persons must not engage in the proposed Dealing until the Chairman (or 
Company Secretary, as applicable) has approved the proposed Dealing in writing.  Any 
such approval is valid for five business days, or such other period specified in it, meaning 
that the relevant Dealing can only occur during that period (subject to the other 
requirements of this Policy).
4.3
Reporting of completed Dealings
To facilitate compliance with the REIT's disclosure and reporting obligations to the ASX 
and under the Corporations Act, a Designated Person must notify the Company Secretary 
(or in the case of the Company Secretary, the Chief Executive Officer) as soon as 
practicable after a Dealing in REIT Units by or for that Designated Person and, in any case, 
no more than 2 days after the Dealing.
4.4
Dealings by Connected Persons of Designated Persons
Designated Persons must take steps to ensure that their Connected Persons understand 
and will act in accordance with the terms of this Policy in relation to REIT Units.  This 
means that Designated Persons must:
•
request their Connected Persons to observe the notification and approval 
procedure outlined in section 4.2 above by giving the Designated Person the 
information necessary for the Designated Person to lodge notices and requests in 
respect of the Connected Person's dealings in REIT Units;
•
take reasonable steps to ensure that their Connected Persons do not engage in 
short-term dealings in REIT Units; and
•
take reasonable steps to ensure that their Connected Persons do not deal in REIT 
Units during an applicable blackout period or at any other time when the 
Designated Person would not themselves be permitted to deal in REIT Units under 
this Policy.
4.5
Exemptions for REITs where Designated Person is trustee
This clause 4 shall not operate to restrict Dealings in REIT Units by a REIT of which a 
Designated Person acts as trustee if:
•
the Designated Person is not a beneficiary of the trust;
•
the decision to deal in the relevant REIT Units is taken without reference to, and 
independently of, the Designated Person; and
•
the Designated Person is not the sole trustee of the trust.
4.6
Margin lending
Designated Persons may not enter into margin lending arrangements with respect to REIT 
Units.
This restriction is limited to arrangements properly described as margin lending 
arrangements and does not extend to other types of loan arrangements or instruments 
which may be secured by a security interest granted in respect of REIT Units.  Designated 
For personal use only

Shopping Centres Australasia Property Group
Securities Trading Policy
Page 9
Persons may enter into or acquire such other types of loan arrangements or instruments, 
but only after first notifying the Chairman of their intention to do so and disclosing the terms 
of such loan arrangements or instruments.
Designated Persons should consult with the Company Secretary if they are uncertain as to 
whether an arrangement is properly classified as a margin lending arrangement.
4.7
Employee incentive schemes, pro-rata issues and dividend reinvestment plans
The notification and approval procedure under this section 4 does not apply in relation to 
the subscription for REIT Units pursuant to a pro-rata issue, or involves the application, and 
acquisition under such application, of REIT Units under an employee incentive scheme or 
dividend reinvestment plan.  Compliance with the other terms of this Policy is, however, still 
required.
5.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Policy, the following terms have the meaning set out below:
ASX means the Australian Securities Exchange.
Chairman means the person who from time to time occupies the position of Chairman of the REIT.
Company Secretary means the person who from time to time occupies the position of Company 
Secretary of the REIT.
Connected Person means, in relation to a REIT Person:
(a)
a family member of that REIT Person who may be expected to influence, or be 
influenced by, that REIT Person in his or her dealings with REIT Units or other 
tradeable financial products (this may include that REIT Person's partner and 
children, the children of that REIT Person's partner, or dependants of that REIT
Person or that REIT Person's partner);
(b)
a business partner of that REIT Person;
(c)
a company or other entity of which that REIT Person is a director or chief 
executive;
(d)
a trustee where the beneficiaries of the trust include that REIT Person; 
(e)
a trustee or company where a Connected Person controls the investment decision; 
and 
(f)
any other entity in respect of which that REIT Person has an ability to control.
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Dealing includes:
(a)
buying and selling;
(b)
procuring another person to buy or sell;
(c)
transferring or accepting a transfer;
(d)
entering into or closing out; or
For personal use only

Shopping Centres Australasia Property Group
Securities Trading Policy
Page 10
(e)
the entry into any agreement to do any of the above thisngs,
and Deal has a corresponding meaning.
Derivatives includes:
(a)
derivatives within the meaning given in section 761D of the Corporations Act (such 
as options, forward contracts, swaps, futures, warrants, caps and collars); and
(b)
any other transaction in financial products that operates to limit the economic risk 
associated with holding the relevant REIT Units.
Designated Person means:
(a)
each director of the REIT;
(b)
General Counsel and Company Secretary of the REIT;
(c)
any other REIT Person designated by the General Counsel and Company 
Secretary of the REIT from time to time in accordance with section 4.1 above.
General Counsel means the person who from time to time occupies the position of General 
Counsel of the REIT.
Inside Information means, in relation to any Securities, any information that is not generally 
available and that, if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect to have a 
material affect on the price or value of the relevant Securities.
Securities includes shares, units, options, rights, debentures, interests in a managed investment 
scheme, Derivatives and any other tradeable financial product covered by section 1042A of the 
Corporations Act.
REIT mean Shopping Centres Australasia Property RE Limited as Responsible Entity for the 
Shopping Centres Australasia Property Retail Trust and the Shopping Centres Australasia Property 
Management Trust, jointly listed on the ASX as a stapled entity, trading as 'SCA Property Group'
under ASX ticker code SCA, and/or its subsidiary entities.
REIT Personnel means each director, officer and employee of the REIT, and each contractor and 
consultant to the REIT whose terms of engagement apply this Policy to them, and REIT Person
has a corresponding meaning.
REIT Unit means a stapled security comprising a unit in the Shopping Centres Australasia 
Property Retail Trust and a unit in the Shopping Centres Australasia Property Management Trust.
For personal use only

Shopping Centres Australasia Property Group
Securities Trading Policy
Page 11
Annexure A
Guiding Principles to Determine REIT Persons who are Designated Persons
In accordance with the requirements of the REIT Securities Trading Policy (the Policy), this 
Annexure A provides the guiding principles to be used to determine persons who are 
Designated Persons under the Policy.  Terms defined in the Policy apply in this Document.
1.
In addition to the persons identified as Designated Persons in the Policy, a person should 
be a Designated Person pursuant to section 4.1(b) of the Policy if, by virtue of their role and 
position, the person:
(a)
has access to information that is not generally available and that may have a 
material effect on the price of REIT Units; and
(b)
actually does, or is reasonably expected to, access such information either to a 
material extent or on a regular and ongoing basis;
(as determined in the discretion of the Company Secretary or General Counsel).
2.
A Personal Assistant or Executive Assistant to anyone who is a Designated Person 
pursuant to section 4.1(a) of the Policy or is determined to be a Designated Person under 
paragraph 1 above should be a Designated Person unless the particular circumstances of 
that person's role or position, or the division in which they are involved, do not warrant such 
a person being a Designated Person (as determined in the discretion of the Company 
Secretary or General Counsel).
For personal use only

Shopping Centres Australasia Property Group
Securities Trading Policy
Page 12
Annexure B
REIT Units Dealing Notification and Approval Request
In accordance with the requirements of the REIT Securities Trading Policy (the Dealing Policy), 
Designated Persons (as defined in the Dealing Policy) must provide prior notification to, and obtain 
approval from, the Chairman or Company Secretary (as applicable) for dealings in REIT Units (as 
defined in the Dealing Policy).  Terms defined in the Dealing Policy apply in this document.
For completion by Designated Person or other person requesting approval under the Dealing Policy
Name:
Position:
Location:
Tel No:
I request approval for the following dealing in REIT Units:
REIT Units:
[Insert here a full description of the REIT Units, eg REIT Units, options over REIT Units, 
derivatives in respect of REIT Units etc]
Nature of 
proposed dealing:
[Insert here a full description of the proposed dealing and the number of REIT Units involved eg
purchase of 100 REIT Units, exercise of 500 options to acquire REIT Units, entry into Derivative in 
respect of 50 REIT Units (identify the terms), sale of 100 REIT Units]
Person dealing:
[Insert here the name of the person dealing.  If not the person requesting approval, then the 
connection with the person requesting approval must be stated]
For personal use only

Shopping Centres Australasia Property Group
Securities Trading Policy
Page 13
I confirm the following:
•
I have read and understand the Dealing Policy and confirm that the above dealing will not contravene 
the Dealing Policy or any applicable laws.
•
The above dealing will not occur until approval in accordance with the Dealing Policy is given, and 
then only in accordance with the Dealing Policy (including in relation to the time period for which the 
approval is valid).
•
I understand that approval under the Dealing Policy (if given) will not be an endorsement of the above 
dealing, and that I remain individually responsible for complying with any applicable laws and the 
Dealing Policy.
•
There are exceptional circumstances that justify a sale of the relevant REIT Units as the only 
reasonable course of action and these are attached to this document.*
[* Delete as applicable – refer Section 3.3 of the Dealing Policy]
Signed:
Date:
For completion by Chairman or Company Secretary (or their delegate), as applicable
Approval for the above dealing
has been granted and is valid for:
•
 5 business days from the date of approval (default 
period)*
•
from the date of approval*
[* Delete and complete as applicable]
has been refused
Signed:
Name:
Date:
For personal use only
