 
 
 
Exploration Office: Ground Floor, 43 Ventnor Ave, West Perth  WA  6005 
Registered Office: Level 2, 9 Havelock Street, West Perth  WA  6005
                     ABN: 44 114 553 392 
Postal Address: PO Box 1160, West Perth  WA  6872 
 
Telephone: (61 8) 9481 8628 
 
 
Facsimile:   (61 8) 9481 8445 
 
E-mail: redhillinfo@redhilliron.com.au 
 
Website: www.redhilliron.com.au 
 
 
 
28 December 2010 
 
 
Company Announcements Office 
ASX Limited 
Level 4, 20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY NSW 2000 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
Attached is a copy of the Company’s Securities Trading Policy. 
 
 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
 
 
 
 
P.C.Ruttledge 
Company Secretary 
For personal use only

Red Hill Iron Limited 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
1. 
PURPOSE 
The purpose of this policy is to ensure that Red Hill Iron Limited (Company) complies with 
the ASX Listing Rules and to ensure that the Employees (as that term is defined below) do 
not trade in the securities of the Company in a way which: 
• 
breaches the Corporations Act and/or other legislative prohibitions on insider trading; 
 or 
• 
compromises confidence in the Company’s practices in relation to securities dealings. 
 
2. 
APPLICATION OF POLICY 
This Policy applies to: 
• 
Key Management Personnel of the Company; and 
• 
all other employees of and contractors to the Company; 
(collectively Employees). 
Key Management Personnel has the meaning set out in Accounting Standard AASB 
124 Related Party Disclosure. Employees who are unsure if they are considered to be 
Key Management Personnel may seek guidance from the Company Secretary. 
 
 
The guidelines for permissible trading in the Company's securities set out in sections 
3 and 4 below must be read subject to the insider trading provisions of the 
Corporations Act summarised in section 3 below.  Trading is prohibited at any time if 
the Employee possesses inside information, irrespective of whether it is outside the 
Closed Period or is excluded from operation of this policy. 
 
For personal use only

3. 
DEALING IN SECURITIES 
3.1  The rules in relation to dealing and trading in securities 
If Employees possess price-sensitive information in relation to the Company which 
has not been published or which is not otherwise generally available, they are in 
possession of inside information and it is illegal for them to: 
• 
buy, sell, or otherwise deal in securities in the Company; 
• 
advise, procure or encourage any other person to deal in the securities of the 
Company; 
• 
pass on that inside information to any other person whom they know, or ought 
reasonably to know, would or would be likely to deal or procure another person to 
deal in the securities of the Company. 
These rules are set down in the Corporations Act and apply to securities, which in 
addition to ordinary shares include options, rights, convertible notes, derivatives and 
other financial products. 
3.2  Price-sensitive information 
Price-sensitive information is information relating to the Company that would, if the 
information were publicly known, be likely to: 
• 
have a material effect on the price of the Company’s securities; or 
• 
influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding on whether or not 
to buy or sell the Company’s securities. 
Included below is a non-exhaustive list of examples of price-sensitive information: 
• 
exploration results 
• 
entry into or termination of a material contract 
• 
a material acquisition or sale of assets 
• 
any major litigation in relation to the Company or its joint venture partners 
• 
the interim and final financial results 
• 
raising of capital  
• 
declaration of a dividend 
 
For personal use only

3.3  When is the information generally available? 
Information is considered to be generally available if: 
• 
it can be easily observed; or 
• 
it has been released to the ASX, published in the Company’s half year or full year 
Financial Statements, an Annual Report, or a prospectus, or is generally available 
to the investing public and a reasonable time has elapsed since the information 
was communicated; or 
• 
it may be deduced, inferred or concluded from any of the above 
4. TRADING GUIDELINES 
4.1 Closed Periods for Key Management Personnel 
Key Management Personnel may not trade in the Company’s securities: 
• 
between close of trade two calendar weeks prior to the day on which the full-year 
financial statements are released to the ASX and close of trade one day after 
release of the full-year financial statements; 
• 
between close of trade two calendar weeks prior to the day on which the half-year 
financial statements are released to the ASX and close of trade one day after 
release of the half-year financial statements; or 
• 
any other period determined by the Directors from time to time and notified to the 
Key Management Personnel; 
(the Closed Periods). 
Employees other than Key Management Personnel are not prohibited from trading in 
Closed Periods, but at all times are subject to the insider trading provisions of the 
Corporations Act and must comply with the requirements of section 4.3 of this Policy 
in respect of any proposed trade. 
4.2  Approval process within a Closed Period 
Key Management Personnel may apply for approval to trade in the Company’s 
securities within a Closed Period provided that: 
1. 
they are not in possession of inside information in relation to the Company;  and  
2. 
their approval to trade is being sought as a result of exceptional circumstances. 
Exceptional circumstances may include the following: 
For personal use only

• 
financial hardship where the individual has a binding financial commitment that 
cannot be satisfied unless they sell or otherwise dispose of the securities in the 
Company; 
• 
the issuing or enforcement of a court order or other means of legal or regulatory 
enforcement where the individual is required to transfer or sell the securities of the 
Company. 
If such an event should arise, the Key Management Person must submit a written 
application to the Chairman of the Board (copy to the Company Secretary), or in the 
event of the Chairman a written application to the CEO and the Company Secretary 
(in each case a Designated Officer). The form and evidence required to assess the 
application with respect to the exceptional circumstance will be as determined by the 
Designated Officer(s) on a case by case basis.  
The Key Management Person can only trade if prior written approval, either in the 
form of an email or formal letter has been provided. The Designated Officer(s) will 
endeavour to make a determination within 1 business day of the Designated Officer(s) 
being provided with the requisite information to make a decision with respect to the 
application.  If written approval is provided, the transaction must be completed within 
two business days of the approval. 
4.3  Enquiry prior to dealing in securities  
Subject to the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act and the prohibition of 
trading by Key Management Personnel in Closed Periods, Employees intending to 
deal in the Company's securities should, prior to so dealing, enquire of the Company 
Secretary or the Chairman as to whether any announcements of price sensitive 
information are anticipated or unannounced price-sensitive information exists, such 
that any dealing in the securities of the Company by an Employee might constitute a 
breach of the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act. 
4.4   Notification by Directors of completed trades or dealings 
Following a trade of or dealing in securities by a Director, the Director must provide 
confirmation of price and quantity to the Company Secretary within two business days 
of the trade to ensure that the notification obligations of Directors under ASX Listing 
Rule 3.19A or S205G of the Corporations Act can be satisfied. 
4.5  Other trading restrictions 
Key Management Personnel are prohibited from trading during the Closed Period in 
financial products issued or created over or in respect of the Company's securities 
and should not enter into margin loans which could cause a forced trade by a margin 
lender during a Closed Period.   
For personal use only

 
4.6   Trades not subject to this Policy 
It is not the intent of this Policy to capture potential trades where the trade would 
result in no change in beneficial interest in the securities, where the trading occurs via 
a scheme or other arrangement where the investment decisions are exercised by a 
third party and where the Employee has no control or influence over the trading 
decisions, or where the trading occurs under an offer to other security holders of the 
Company. 
Examples of trades not subject to this Policy include the following: 
• 
trading under an offer made to all or most of the security holders of the Company 
such as a rights issue, buy-back or  security purchase plan where the timing and 
structure of the offer has been approved by the Board; 
• 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
• 
transfers of securities of the Company between an Employee and a self managed 
superannuation fund in which the Employee is a beneficiary; 
• 
an investment in a fund where the assets of the fund are invested at the discretion 
of a third party;  
• 
where an Employee is a trustee, trading in the securities of the Company by that 
trust provided that the Employee is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision 
by a Key Management Person to trade during a Closed Period is taken by the 
other trustees independently of the Key Management Person; or 
• 
 the exercise of an option, where the final date for the exercise of an option, falls 
during a prohibited period and the Company has had a number of consecutive 
Closed Periods to the extent that the Key Management Person could not 
reasonably have been expected to exercise the options at a point in time in which 
they were able to do so. 
5. 
GENERAL 
A breach of this Policy may result in disciplinary action or termination of the 
Employee’s contract of employment or engagement with the Company. 
If an Employee is in any doubt regarding a proposed dealing in the Company’s 
securities they should contact the Company Secretary or, in the case of a Director, 
the Chairman.  
 
For personal use only
