29 November 2022 
The Manager 
Market Announcements Office 
Australian Securities Exchange 
REVISED SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Please find attached a copy of the revised Securities Trading Policy lodged with the ASX 
in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10. A copy of the Securities Trading Policy is 
available on the corporate governance section of the company’s website at 
www.ridley.com.au. 
For further information please contact: 
Quinton Hildebrand   
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
Ridley Corporation Limited  
+61 (03) 8624 6529
This ASX announcement was approved and authorised for release by the Ridley Board of Directors. 
For personal use only

Ridley Corporation Limited  
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
This Securities Trading Policy (Policy) sets out the Ridley Corporation Limited (Ridley or Company) 
policy on dealing in the Company’s securities by all directors, officers and employees of Ridley and its 
controlled entities (Ridley Staff). If in doubt about whether to trade or you are uncertain about any aspect 
of this Policy, please contact the Company Secretary. 
1. Purpose of the Policy
The purpose of this Policy is to enable you to be aware of the legal restrictions on trading in Ridley 
Securities while you are in possession of non-public, price sensitive information, to avoid conduct 
known as 'insider trading,' and to assist in maintaining market confidence in the trading of Ridley 
equity securities. 
2. Ridley Policy
In addition to the requirements of law, it is Ridley policy that Ridley Staff should not engage in short- 
term trading of Ridley Securities. Any trading should only be conducted when not in possession of inside 
information and outside of the Specific Prohibited Periods outlined below. 
Directors and Senior Executives have additional responsibilities which are set out in this Policy. 
Some aspects of this Policy also extend to or affect Close Associates of Directors and Senior 
Executives (as defined below). 
This Policy does not apply to trading in the securities of Ridley to the extent that such trading is an 
acquisition of securities of Ridley under an employee incentive scheme. However, this Policy will 
apply to the disposal of shares which have been acquired under such schemes. 
3.
Summary of insider trading
Broadly speaking, a person will be guilty of insider trading if: 
(i)
that person possesses information in relation to a company which is not generally
available to the market and which, if it were generally available to the market, would be
likely to materially affect the price or value of that company's securities (i.e. information
that is "price sensitive"); and
(ii)
that person:
●acquires, disposes of or engages in other dealings in securities in the company
(which includes shares, options, debentures and other rights and interests in
securities);
●procures someone else to acquire, dispose of or engage in other dealings in
securities in the company; or
●passes on that information to a third party where that person knows, or ought
reasonably to know, that the third party would be likely to acquire, dispose of or
engage in other dealings in the securities or procure someone else to do so.
In this Policy, price sensitive information which is not generally available to the market is referred to as 
"inside information." 
Insider trading can arise in relation to Ridley Securities and in relation to the securities of any other 
company in relation to which a person possesses inside information. Note that it does not matter 
whether the information was obtained as a result of the Ridley Staff member's role with Ridley or 
through other sources. 
For personal use only

The prohibition does not apply to subscriptions for new shares made under an employee share scheme, 
long term incentive plan or dividend reinvestment plan. However, the Specific Prohibited Periods will 
apply to the disposal of shares which have been acquired under such schemes. 
4.
Specific Prohibited Periods
Ridley employees, directors, officers and Senior Executives are permitted to deal in Ridley Securities 
when they are not in possession of inside information, and for directors, officers and Senior Executives 
when they have received written prior approval in accordance with section 6 below, and other than 
during the following times, referred to as Specific Prohibited Periods: 
(i)
the period from the end of the Company’s financial year (30 June) until the announcement of
the Company’s full year results to the ASX;
(ii) the period from the end of the Company’s half year (31 December) until the announcement
of the Company’s half year results to the ASX;
(iii) the period of two business days after the issue of any “price sensitive” release to the ASX; and
(iv) the period of two weeks prior to the Company’s Annual General Meeting and any other
meeting of Ridley shareholders,
when it is customary to provide up to date information about the Company’s activities and performance 
for the period. 
Transacting in Ridley Securities is prohibited during the Specific Prohibited Periods for all employees, 
directors and officers. The Board may impose additional Specific Prohibited Periods by written notice to all 
Ridley Staff at any time at its sole discretion. 
5.
Derivatives or hedging
Ridley employees, directors and officers must not enter into any derivative contract relating to a Ridley 
Security, or any other transaction that is designed or intended to securitise, or limit the economic risk of 
holding, a Ridley Security. 
6.
Approval and notification – Directors and Senior Executives
Directors and Senior Executives are required to notify and receive approval in writing before and after 
any dealing in Ridley Securities as follows: 
(i) Directors must notify and receive approval in writing from the Chair of the intention to
transact in Ridley Securities. If the Chair intends to transact, he is required to secure written
approval from the Managing Director and one other director. The notification must include
the number of securities involved and the anticipated timing of any transaction.
(ii) Senior Executives must notify and receive approval in writing from the Managing Director of
the intention to transact in Ridley Securities. The notification must include the number of
securities involved and the anticipated timing of any transaction.
(iii) Directors must notify the Company Secretary in writing within two business days after
transacting. The Corporations Act 2001 requires directors to give written notice to the
Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) of particulars of dealings within five business days. It
is the responsibility of each director to notify the Company Secretary who will then give notice
to the ASX.
The notification must include the following: 
●
name of shareholder and, if not the director, the relationship to the director;
●
date of transaction;
●
type of transaction (such as sale or purchase, on-market or off-market);
●
number of securities; and
●
price of securities.
No notification to the Company Secretary is required for acquisitions of Ridley Securities by employees 
under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan, Long Term Incentive Plan, or Employee Share Scheme. Full 
details of approvals will be tabled at the following Board meeting. 
For personal use only

Dealings by Close Associates 
This Policy extends to the Close Associates (as defined below) of directors and Senior Executives in 
relation to Ridley Securities. This means that each director and Senior Executive must take all 
reasonable steps to ensure that their Close Associates comply with this Policy in relation to Ridley 
Securities. This includes taking all reasonable steps to ensure that their Close Associates do not 
engage in insider trading or short-term dealings in Ridley Securities or deal in Ridley Securities during a 
Specific Prohibited Period, and that their Close Associates comply with the notification and approval 
procedure outlined above if that would be required for the dealing by the director or Senior Executive in 
the Ridley Securities. 
Definitions 
(i)
Close Associates
Close Associate means, in relation to a director of Ridley or Senior Executive:
(a)
a family member of that director or Senior Executive who may be expected to influence,
or be influenced by, that director or Senior Executive in his or her dealings with Ridley
Securities (this may include that director's or Senior Executive's spouse, de facto partner
and children who live at home, the children of that director's or Senior Executive's spouse
or de facto partner who live at home, or dependants of that director or Senior Executive
or that director's or Senior Executive's spouse or de facto partner); and
(b)
a company, trust or other entity which is controlled by that director or Senior Executive
(whether alone or jointly with any other Close Associate).
(ii)
Senior Executives
Senior Executives comprise the members of the Executive Lead Team and any other executives 
designated as such by the Managing Director, including all Key Management Personnel as defined by 
Australian Accounting Standards. 
The Company Secretary will maintain a listing of Senior Executives covered by this Policy. Senior 
Executives will be notified if this Policy applies to them. 
(iii)
Short term trading
Short term trading may include trading in Ridley Securities for short-term profits, generally in 
circumstances where securities are disposed within 12 months of the date of acquisition. The disposal of 
shares from the exercise of employee options is not classified as short-term trading, but is otherwise 
covered by this Policy. 
(iv)
Ridley Securities
Ridley Securities comprise Ridley Corporation Limited securities that are listed on the ASX, any 
options issued by Ridley or any of its subsidiary entities and any options, rights, debentures, 
derivatives or other financial products related to Ridley which are covered by the insider trading 
provisions of the Corporations Act. 
Breaches 
Ridley will treat breaches of this Policy very seriously and may result in disciplinary action. Insider 
trading is a criminal offence punishable by fine or a jail term. In addition, the insider trader, and any 
other persons involved, may be liable for civil penalties or to compensate third parties for any resulting 
loss. 
VERSION CONTROL 
Approved by the Board: 
November 2022 
Management Review:   
Annual 
For personal use only
