Notice to ASX 
 
  
Page 1 of 1 
Rio Tinto Securities Dealing Policy 
 
23 December 2020 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, attached is a copy of Rio Tinto’s current Securities Dealing Policy 
effective 21 December 2020. 
 
A copy of the Securities Dealing Policy is also available on the Rio Tinto website at 
https://www.riotinto.com/invest/corporate-governance/governance-framework-and-structure. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This announcement is authorised for release to the market by Rio Tinto’s Group Company Secretary. 
 
Steve Allen 
Group Company Secretary 
Rio Tinto plc 
6 St James’s Square 
London SW1Y 4AD 
United Kingdom 
T +44 20 7781 2000 
Registered in England 
No. 719885 
Tim Paine 
Joint Company Secretary 
Rio Tinto Limited 
Level 7, 360 Collins Street 
Melbourne 3000 
Australia 
T +61 3 9283 3333 
Registered in Australia 
ABN 96 004 458 404 
 
For personal use only

 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
 
Approved by the Board effective 21 December 2020 
 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
 
Page 2 of 3 
 
 
Contents 
INTRODUCTION 
3 
1. 
Background 
3 
2. 
Purpose 
3 
3. 
Scope 
3 
4. 
Compliance with Policy 
4 
INSIDER DEALING 
4 
5. 
Insider Dealing is prohibited at all times 
4 
DEALINGS BY RESTRICTED PERSONS 
5 
6. 
Restricted Persons 
5 
7. 
Dealing by Results Restricted Persons 
5 
8. 
Dealing by Project Restricted Persons 
5 
9. 
Dealing by Permanent Restricted Persons 
5 
10. 
Dealings excluded from this Policy 
6 
11. 
No hedging 
6 
DEALING BY PDMRS AND THEIR PCAS 
6 
12. 
Additional restrictions for PDMRs 
6 
13. 
PCAs 
7 
CLEARANCE TO DEAL 
7 
14. 
Clearance to Deal 
7 
15. 
Dealing during Closed Periods or undertaking short-term trading in exceptional 
circumstances 
8 
DEFINITIONS 
8 
16. 
Defined terms under the Policy 
8 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
 
Page 3 of 4 
 
Insider Dealing is prohibited at all times. This Policy governs the securities dealing activities of 
Rio Tinto employees, directors and officers, contractors and secondees. In particular, the Policy 
has specific application to four categories of people: 
1. Permanent Restricted Persons – these people must always seek clearance before 
undertaking any Dealings in Rio Tinto Securities; 
2. Results Restricted Persons – these people cannot Deal in Rio Tinto Securities during Closed 
Periods; 
3. Project Restricted Persons – depending on the significance and maturity of the project, these 
people may either need to seek clearance or be prohibited from Dealing in Rio Tinto Securities; 
4. PDMRs – these people must not Deal in Rio Tinto Securities during Closed Periods and are 
required to notify the Group Company Secretary of any Dealings in Rio Tinto Securities. (They 
are also required to inform each of their PCAs of certain restrictions and obligations that apply 
to them under this Policy). 
At any given time, you may fall into one or more, or possibly all, of these categories. 
Further details are set out in the Policy. 
It is essential that you read, understand and comply with the Policy. If you are unclear on how 
the Policy applies to you, please speak with Company Secretariat prior to undertaking any 
Dealing in Rio Tinto Securities. 
There is also a set of FAQs available on the Company intranet to help guide you around the Policy. 
INTRODUCTION 
 
1. 
Background 
1.1 
Rio Tinto plc and Rio Tinto Limited (collectively referred to as Rio Tinto or the Company) 
operate under a dual listed companies structure, with securities in Rio Tinto plc listed on the 
London Stock Exchange (LSE) and securities in Rio Tinto Limited listed on the Australian 
Securities Exchange (ASX). Rio Tinto plc also has a sponsored American Depositary Receipts 
(ADRs) facility with the underlying American Depositary Shares registered with the US 
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and listed on the New York Stock Exchange 
(NYSE). 
2. 
Purpose 
2.1 
The purpose of this policy (Policy) is to establish a best practice procedure for employees, 
directors and officers, contractors and secondees of Rio Tinto and its subsidiaries (Rio Tinto 
Group or the Group) (Rio Tinto Personnel) have a clear understanding of applicable Insider 
Dealing laws, and to prevent the misuse or perceived misuse of Rio Tinto’s Inside Information 
by restricting certain Dealings in Rio Tinto Securities by Rio Tinto Personnel. 
2.2 
Definitions of the capitalised terms are set out in section 16 of the Policy. 
3. 
Scope 
3.1 
This Policy applies to all Rio Tinto Personnel.  
3.2 
Certain restrictions detailed in this Policy apply only to Restricted Persons, Persons Discharging 
Managerial Responsibilities (PDMRs), and the Persons Closely Associated (PCA) with the 
PDMRs. 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
 
Page 4 of 5 
 
4. 
Compliance with Policy 
4.1 
This Policy is supplemented by training and guidance. Rio Tinto Personnel may contact 
Company Secretariat for clarification on any matter related to this Policy. 
4.2 
It is a responsibility of all Rio Tinto Personnel to comply with this Policy. Strict compliance with 
this Policy is mandatory. 
4.3 
Failure to comply with this Policy may lead to disciplinary action being taken against Rio Tinto 
Personnel, including dismissal.  Breach of securities laws, including Insider Dealing and market 
abuse laws have serious consequences for the Rio Tinto Personnel concerned, Rio Tinto, and 
any other person involved and may result in criminal (including imprisonment) and/or civil 
penalties. 
INSIDER DEALING 
5. 
Insider Dealing is prohibited at all times 
5.1 
All Rio Tinto Personnel who have access to Inside Information about the Rio Tinto Group must 
not: 
(a) Deal in Rio Tinto Securities (on their own account or for the account of another person); 
(b) advise, procure, recommend, encourage or induce another person to Deal in Rio Tinto 
Securities; and/or 
(c) disclose Inside Information to any other person (whether directly or indirectly), if the Rio 
Tinto Personnel knows or ought reasonably to know that the other person may use the 
Inside Information to Deal (or advise, procure or encourage someone else to Deal) in Rio 
Tinto Securities. 
Participation in any of the activities listed above is called Insider Dealing and is unlawful, 
irrespective of the purpose or motive for participating in the activity, or whether a profit is made 
from the activity. Any person who unlawfully receives Inside Information from Rio Tinto 
Personnel and Deals in Rio Tinto Securities may also be participating in an Insider Dealing 
activity. 
5.2 
For the purpose of this Policy, Inside Information is information: 
(a) which is not generally or publicly available; and 
(b) if the information was generally or publicly available, it would or would be likely to have a 
significant or material effect on the price or value of Rio Tinto's or another company’s 
Securities (judged by whether a reasonable investor would use the information as part of 
the basis of their investment decision).  
5.3 
The prohibition on Insider Dealing is not limited to Rio Tinto Securities. If any Rio Tinto 
Personnel is in possession of Inside Information relating to any other entity (including, but not 
limited to, Rio Tinto’s customers, suppliers, contractors or business partners), such Rio Tinto 
Personnel must not participate in any of the activities in clause 5.1 above in relation to that 
company or the Securities of that entity. 
5.4 
If any Rio Tinto Personnel is in doubt about whether a particular piece of information is Inside 
Information, they should consult with Company Secretariat before acting or act on the basis 
that the information is Inside Information. 
 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
 
Page 5 of 6 
 
DEALINGS BY RESTRICTED PERSONS 
6.       Restricted Persons 
6.1 
Rio Tinto Personnel may be designated as a Restricted Person where they are considered 
likely to have access to information that is or has the potential to become Inside Information 
due to: 
(a) their position within the Group, this includes PDMRs (Permanent Restricted Persons); 
and/or 
(b) their involvement in full-year and half year results (Results Restricted Persons); and/or  
(c) their involvement in other matters relating to specific transactions or business situations 
(Project Restricted Persons),  
(each a Restricted Person and collectively referred to as Restricted Persons). 
6.2 
Company Secretariat will notify Rio Tinto Personnel if they are a Restricted Person, of the 
Dealing prohibitions applicable to them (if any), and if they cease to be a Restricted Person.   
7. 
Dealing by Results Restricted Persons 
7.1 
Results Restricted Persons are not permitted to Deal in Rio Tinto Securities: 
(a) during the longer of: 
(i) the period from the end of the relevant financial period up to the date of publication of 
the full year or half-year financial results; or 
(ii) the period of 30 calendar days before the date of such publication; and  
(b) any extended or additional periods as specified by Company Secretariat, 
(each a Closed Period and collectively referred to as Closed Periods). 
8. 
Dealing by Project Restricted Persons 
8.1 
Project Restricted Persons may Deal in Rio Tinto Securities, provided: 
(a) they are not subject to Dealing prohibitions relating to their designation as Project 
Restricted Persons; 
(b) they are not a Results Restricted Person, PDMR subject to a Closed Period at the time of 
the proposed Dealing; 
(c) they are not in possession of any Inside Information at the time of the proposed Dealing; 
and 
(d) they have obtained prior written clearance to Deal and Dealing is carried out in accordance 
with sections 14 and 15 of this Policy. 
9. 
Dealing by Permanent Restricted Persons 
9.1 
Permanent Restricted Persons may Deal in Rio Tinto Securities, provided: 
(a) they are not a Results Restricted Person, PDMR subject to a Closed Period at the time of 
the proposed Dealing; 
(b) they are not a Project Restricted Person subject to a Dealing prohibition at the time of 
proposed Dealing;   
(c) they are not in possession of any Inside Information at the time of the proposed Dealing; 
and 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
 
Page 6 of 7 
 
(d) they have obtained prior written clearance to Deal and Dealing is carried out in accordance 
with sections 14 and 15 of this Policy. 
10. 
Dealings excluded from this Policy 
The following types of Dealings are excluded from the operation of this Policy and may be 
undertaken by Restricted Persons at any time, without prior written clearance, subject to the 
prohibition against Insider Dealing in section 5.1: 
(a) Dealings that do not result in a change in beneficial ownership of Rio Tinto Securities; 
(b) an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in Rio Tinto Securities) where the assets of the fund or scheme are invested at 
the discretion of a third party; 
(c) a disposal of Rio Tinto Securities arising from a scheme of arrangement or acceptance of 
a takeover offer; 
(d) acquiring Rio Tinto Securities under an offer or invitation made to all or most holders of Rio 
Tinto’s Securities, such as a rights issue, where the timing and structure of the offer has 
been approved by the Rio Tinto Board; 
(e) acquisition or automatic disposal without need for instruction of Rio Tinto Securities under 
an employee share plan or a dividend reinvestment plan, provided that Restricted Persons 
do not commence or amend their participation or instructions in the relevant plan during a 
Closed Period (other than in exceptional circumstances and with the relevant prior written 
clearance); and 
(f) a disposal of Rio Tinto Securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights. 
11. 
No hedging  
11.1 
Rio Tinto prohibits Permanent Restricted Persons, from entering into arrangements which have 
the effect of limiting the economic risk related to an unvested share, option or other Rio Tinto 
Security granted or awarded under a Rio Tinto employee share plan (or a vested share, option 
or other Rio Tinto Security granted, awarded or acquired under a Rio Tinto employee share 
plan that is still subject to disposal restrictions). 
DEALING BY PDMRS AND THEIR PCAS 
12. Additional restrictions for PDMRs 
12.1 
In addition to the Dealing restrictions applicable to Restricted Persons set out above, PDMRs 
must not Deal in Rio Tinto Securities on their own account, or for the account of a third party, 
directly or indirectly, during Closed Periods, unless the PDMR has been granted prior 
clearance to Deal in accordance with sections 14 and 15 of this Policy.  
12.2 
Dealings by PDMRs are required to be disclosed to the ASX and UK Financial Conduct 
Authority within stipulated time frames. Immediately after Dealing in Rio Tinto Securities, 
PDMRs must notify the Group Company Secretary of the details of the transaction. Rio Tinto 
will make the relevant notification on behalf of the PDMR. 
12.3 
PDMRs are prohibited from undertaking any of the following Dealings with respect to Rio Tinto 
Securities: 
(a) Dealing in derivative products issued over or in respect of Rio Tinto Securities; 
(b) Dealing in Rio Tinto Securities on a short-term trading basis, being a period of three months 
between purchase and sale of any Rio Tinto Securities; 
(c) engaging in the practice of short selling in Rio Tinto Securities; and 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
 
Page 7 of 8 
 
(d) entering into margin lending or other secure financing arrangements in respect of Rio Tinto 
Securities. 
13. 
PCAs 
13.1 
PDMRs must: 
(a) inform each of their PCAs in writing of their restrictions and disclosure obligations in relation 
to Dealing in Rio Tinto Securities and receive acknowledgement from the PCA that they 
understand their obligations, being that: 
(i) they must not Deal in Rio Tinto Securities during a Closed Period; and 
(ii) immediately after Dealing in Rio Tinto Securities, they must notify the Group Company 
Secretary of the transaction details; 
(b) keep a copy of the notification to the PCA in 13.1(a) above; 
(c) take appropriate steps to ensure that their PCAs are aware of their responsibilities and do 
not breach this Policy;  
(d) provide the Group Company Secretary a list of all their PCAs, and any changes to that list; 
and 
(e) seek clearance in accordance with section 14 prior to any proposed Dealing in Rio Tinto 
Securities by a PCA, other than a Dealing excluded by section 10. 
13.2 
PDMRs must also notify their PCAs that Dealings by PCAs may be required to be disclosed to 
the ASX and UK Financial Conduct Authority within stipulated time frames, and that Rio Tinto 
will make the relevant notification on the PCA’s behalf. 
CLEARANCE TO DEAL 
14. 
Clearance to Deal  
14.1 
Permanent Restricted Persons and Project Restricted Persons are required to seek clearance 
prior to any proposed Dealing in Rio Tinto Securities, other than a Dealing excluded by section 
10.  
14.2 
The requests for clearance to Deal must be in writing and submitted via the Rio Tinto Dealing 
Rules portal on the Company intranet. Company Secretariat maintains records of all Dealing 
requests received and any responses including clearances granted. 
14.3 
Requests for clearance to Deal may be granted in the case of: 
(a) the Chairman of the board (Chairman), by the Senior Independent Directors or the Chief 
Executive; 
(b) non-executive directors (other than the Chairman) and the Group Company Secretary, by 
the Chairman or the Chief Executive; 
(c) the Chief Executive, by the Chairman; 
(d) PDMRs (other than the non-executive directors, but including the Chief Financial Officer), 
by the Chief Executive; and 
(e) Permanent Restricted Persons, Results Restricted Persons and Project Restricted Persons 
not otherwise captured under paragraphs (a) – (d), by the Group Company Secretary or a 
delegate of Group Company Secretary. 
14.4 
In considering whether to grant clearance to Deal, the relevant approver will consider whether 
any Inside Information exists in relation to the Group, and whether the relevant Permanent 
Restricted Persons or Project Restricted Persons hold any Inside Information. 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
14.5 
Whether or not to grant clearance to Deal is in the relevant approver's absolute discretion. A 
clearance to Deal can also be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a change 
in circumstances. If Rio Tinto refuses to grant clearance to Deal, any refusal must be kept 
confidential and must not be discussed with any other person. 
14.6 
If clearance to Deal is granted, Permanent Restricted Persons and Project Restricted Persons 
must Deal in Rio Tinto Securities within the period specified in the written clearance to Deal, or 
in the absence of a period being specified, within two Business Days of the receipt of the 
clearance to Deal. 
14.7 
Within two business days of Dealing, Restricted Persons are required to submit a Post Trade 
Notification via the Rio Tinto Dealing Rules portal on the Company intranet. After receiving the 
clearance to deal, if Restricted Persons decide not to deal in Rio Tinto Securities, you still need 
to submit a Post Trading Notification promptly, indicating that you did not deal in Rio Tinto 
Securities (Post Trading Notification). 
15. 
Dealing during Closed Periods or undertaking short-term trading in exceptional 
circumstances 
15.1 
Clearance may be given to PDMRs and Restricted Persons to Deal in Rio Tinto Securities 
during Closed Periods or to undertake short-term trading if they are not in possession of Inside 
Information in relation to Rio Tinto, the particular Dealing cannot be executed at any time other 
than in the relevant Closed Period, and where exceptional circumstances, such as severe 
financial difficulty or compulsion by court order exist, which require an immediate sale of Rio 
Tinto Securities. 
15.2 
The determination of whether there is severe financial difficulty or whether there are other 
exceptional circumstances can be made only by the Group Company Secretary or the 
Chairman of the Board. 
15.3 
If clearance to Deal is granted, Restricted Persons must Deal in Rio Tinto Securities within the 
period specified in the written clearance to Deal, or in the absence of a period being specified, 
within two Business Days of the receipt of the clearance to Deal. Restricted Persons must also 
submit a Post Trading Notification as per section 14.7. 
DEFINITIONS 
16. Defined terms under the Policy 
Term 
Definition 
ADR 
American Depositary Receipts. 
ASX 
Australian Securities Exchange. 
Business Days 
Any day which is not (a) a Saturday, Sunday, Christmas Day or 
Good Friday, (b) a bank holiday in the United Kingdom for matters in 
relation to the United Kingdom, or (c) a public holiday in any 
Australian State or Territory for matters in relation to Australia. 
Chairman 
As defined in section 14.3(a) of this Policy. 
Closed Period 
As defined in section 7.1 of this Policy. 
Company Secretariat 
Rio Tinto Group Company Secretariat function. 
Deal, Dealing 
Dealing in Securities covers a wide range of transactions affecting 
the title or interest in those securities including: 
(a) acquisition or disposal;  
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
(b) exercising options, awards or rights under Rio Tinto employee 
share plans; 
(c) 
using as security, or otherwise granting a charge, lien or other 
encumbrance; 
(d) any other transaction or the exercise of any power or discretion, 
effecting a change of ownership of beneficial interest; 
(e) entering into a transaction the economic outcome of which is 
dependent upon the price of a Rio Tinto Security, including but 
not limited to a transaction which has the effect of limiting the 
economic risk of holding a Rio Tinto Security;  
(f) 
electing to participate in a Rio Tinto employee share purchase 
plan (such as myShare); 
(g) electing to participate in a dividend reinvestment plan; and 
(h) entering into any margin lending, derivative contract or other 
secured financial arrangement pursuant to which a charge is 
granted over the Rio Tinto Securities. 
Insider Dealing 
As defined in section 5.1 of this Policy. 
Inside Information 
As defined in section 5.2 of this Policy. For the purposes of clause 
5.2 above, information that is “not publicly available” may include: 
(a) information available to a select group of institutional investors; 
(b) undisclosed facts that are the subject of rumours, even if the 
rumours are widely circulated; or 
(c) 
information that has been entrusted to Rio Tinto Personnel on a 
confidential basis until a public announcement of the 
information has been made and enough time has elapsed for 
the market to respond to a public announcement of the 
information. 
LSE 
London Stock Exchange. 
MAR 
Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (as amended) 
NYSE 
New York Stock Exchange. 
PCA 
A person closely associated with a PDMR, being: 
(a) a family member (meaning a spouse, civil partner, or 
dependent children or stepchildren of the PDMR or a relative 
who has shared the same household as the PDMR for at least 
one year on the date of Dealing) or 
(b) a company, trust, partnership or entity: 
• 
which is managed by the PDMR or a family member; 
• 
which is directly or indirectly controlled by the PDMR or a 
family member; 
• 
which is set up for the benefit of the PDMR or a family 
member; or 
• 
the economic interests of which are substantially equivalent 
to the PDMR’s or a family member’s. 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
PDMR 
A Person discharging managerial responsibilities in respect of the 
Company as defined in MAR, which includes a director of the 
Company or any other employee of the Company who has been told 
that they are a PDMR. For the purposes of this Policy the term 
PDMR includes a Key Management Personnel (KMP). A KMP has 
the meaning given in the Australian accounting standards, being 
those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, 
directing and controlling the `activities of the Company, directly or 
indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of 
the Company. All PDMRs are Restricted Persons for the purposes of 
this Policy. 
Permanent Restricted 
Person 
As defined in section 6.1. 
Post Trading Notification  
As defined in section 14.7. 
Policy 
As defined in section 2.1. 
Project Restricted Pearson 
As defined in section 6.1. 
Restricted Person 
As defined in section 6.1. 
Results Restricted Person 
As defined in section 6.1. 
Rio Tinto 
Rio Tinto Limited and Rio Tinto plc. 
Rio Tinto Group, Group 
As defined in section 2.1. 
Rio Tinto Personnel 
As defined in section 2.1. 
Rio Tinto Securities 
Securities issued by Rio Tinto. 
SEC 
US Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Securities 
Any publicly traded or quoted securities of any company, including 
Rio Tinto Group, or any other financial products or instruments, 
whether quoted or not, and any securities that are convertible into or 
linked to such securities. These include, but not limited to: 
(a) shares or/and other securities equivalent to shares issues, 
including the Rio Tinto ADRs; 
(b) options, awards or rights to shares or other securities 
equivalent to shares; 
(c) 
bonds and other forms of securitised debt; and 
(d) securitised debt convertible or exchangeable into shared or into 
other securities equivalent to shares. 
 
For personal use only
