21 December 2010 
 
 
Companies Announcements Office 
AUSTRALIAN SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY  NSW  2000 
 
 
 
Dear Sirs 
Trading Policy 
Please find attached the Trading Policy for RIMCapital Limited which is required to be 
lodged with the Company Announcements Platform by 31 December 2010. 
 
 
 
Yours faithfully 
RIMCapital Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
C A Patman 
Company Secretary 
  
 
RIMCAPITAL LIMITED 
A .B .N . 7 2 06 4 8 74 6 20 
Level 6, Suite 603, Currency House, 23 Hunter Street, Sydney NSW 2000  Tel +612 9232 0211 Fax +612 9232 0233  www.rimcapital.com.au
For personal use only

RIMCAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
The Company’s Securities Trading Policy prohibits the buying or selling of Company securities at any 
time by any director, officer, key management personnel, executive, contractor, consultant or 
employee (“Insiders”) who possesses price-sensitive information about the Company, which is not 
available to investors and the stock market generally. This prohibition applies regardless of how the 
person learns of the information (e.g. even if the information is overheard in a social setting).  
This policy is intended to enhance investor confidence and help to minimise the suspicion of trading 
by Company directors, executive managers or employees who maybe in possession of price sensitive 
information which has not been publicly released. 
1.1 
THE LAW 
The principal insider trading prohibition in Australian law is contained in section 1043A of the 
Corporations Act. 
Section 1043A prohibits a person (an Insider) who is in possession of information relating to the 
Company that is not generally available but, if the information was generally available (see 
paragraph 4.2), a reasonable person would expect that information to have a material effect (see 
paragraph 4.3) on the price or value of the Company’s Securities (Material Non-Public Information) 
from: 
(a) 
applying for, acquiring, disposing of or entering into an agreement to apply for, acquire or 
dispose of Company Securities; 
(b) 
procuring another person to apply for, acquire, dispose of or enter into an agreement to 
apply for, acquire or dispose of Company Securities; or 
(c) 
directly or indirectly communicating the Material Non-Public Information to another person 
when the Insider knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the other person would or would 
be likely to: 
(i) 
apply for, acquire, dispose of or enter into an agreement to apply for, acquire or 
dispose of Company Securities; or 
(ii) 
procure another person to apply for, acquire, dispose of or enter into an agreement to 
apply for, acquire or dispose of Company Securities. 
1.2 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
Information relating to the Company would be considered to be generally available after it has been 
released to the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) and the ASX has fully disseminated that 
information to the market. 
1.3 
INFORMATION HAVING A MATERIAL EFFECT ON COMPANY SECURITIES 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price of 
Company Securities if that information would, or would be likely to, influence persons who 
commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of the Company’s 
Securities. 
For personal use only

RIMCAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
1.4 
DETERMINING MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION 
Determining what is Material Non-Public Information is subjective.  Price sensitive information may 
include, but is not restricted to:  
 
Exogenous events in the financial markets or the industry, either of which affect the 
Company’s business.  
 
The financial results of the Company.  
 
Projections of future earnings or losses. 
 
material (more than 5%) changes in the Company’s financial forecasts or expectations; 
 
A declaration of a dividend or a decision that a dividend not be declared. 
 
The making of a share, option or debt issue and the under or over subscription of that issue. 
 
Proposed acquisitions, mergers, sales, joint ventures or takeovers. 
 
Information about the Company’s business plans, investment proposals or asset purchases or 
sales. 
 
Regulatory decisions or industrial actions that may affect the Company’s operations. 
 
The occurrence of an environmentally related incident. 
 
 
The threat, commencement or settlement of any material litigation or claim.   
 
An agreement between the Company (or a related party or subsidiary) and a Director (or 
related party of the Director). 
 
A change in accounting policy adopted by the Company. 
 
A proposal to change the Company’s auditors. 
 
 
Changes in senior management.  
 
The health or capacity of any Director.  
1.5 
TRADING GENERALLY 
As a broad principle, Insiders are not permitted to trade Company shares in the two (2) week period 
immediately prior to the release of and the three (3) business day period following the release of the 
Company's half yearly and annual results. Insiders are also not permitted to trade Company shares 
if in the possession of price-sensitive information at any time. 
The Company Secretary is responsible for advising each Director and other Insiders on the trading 
window prohibitions arising above around the dates of release of the Company's half yearly and 
annual results as applicable. 
For personal use only

RIMCAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
1.6 
TRADING BY DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND SENIOR EXECUTIVES  
The Constitution of the Company permits Directors and officers to acquire shares in the Company.  
In accordance with the provisions of the Corporations Act and the Listing Rules of the ASX Limited, 
Directors must advise the Company and the ASX of any transactions conducted by them in securities 
in the Company. 
The Board has also adopted a position regarding dealing in the Company's securities by Directors 
and senior management which provides that: 
 
All Company Directors 
 
The Company Secretary  
 
The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
The Chief Operating Officer or equivalent from time to time 
 
The Chief Financial Officer or equivalent from time to time 
 
All direct reporting staff of the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer from time to 
time 
 
The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, and other Executive Directors of all wholly 
owned subsidiaries 
 
All other key management personnel 
 
Any other position nominated from time to time by the Chairman 
shall be considered Designated Insiders for the purpose of this policy. 
Any Designated Insider is required to notify the Chairman and the Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer of an intention to trade in securities of the Company, and as applicable, the details 
of actual trading after the event. The express permission of the Chairman, or in his absence, his 
delegate or the Chairman of the Board Audit Committee, is required for trading to be conducted 
during any prohibited period defined by this policy.  The Chairman must seek the express permission 
of the Chairman of the Board Audit Committee for trading to be conducted outside of the trading 
windows defined by this policy and must also advise the Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer. 
1.7 
SHARE TRADING RULES FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH INSIDE INFORMATION 
Individuals who have price-sensitive information about the Company, which isn't available to 
investors and the stock market generally: 
 
Must not trade in any securities of the Company, either on their own account, or on behalf of 
another person or entity. 
 
Must not engage any other person or entity to trade in the Company’s securities. 
 
Must not, either directly or indirectly, allow the price-sensitive information to be disclosed to 
another person who may use the information for improper trading purposes. 
For personal use only

RIMCAPITAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Must not communicate inside information to any other individual who works within the 
Company Group except on a “need to know” basis. 
 
If an individual liaises with stock brokers, industry analysts or business journalists and the 
like regarding the business activities of the Company, they must not disclose to them any 
inside information about the Company, or confirm for them any analysis, the confirmation of 
which would constitute price-sensitive and non-public information. 
The above restrictions on trading do not restrict participation in any Company share or option plans 
from time to time but apply in respect of the trading of the Company’s shares which participants 
become entitled to under those plans.  
Strict compliance with this policy is a condition of employment and breaches will be subject to 
disciplinary action, which may include termination and in some cases, where there is evidence of 
trading laws being breached, the result could be criminal or civil action being instigated.  
It should be noted that there is discretion vested in the Chairman with regard to Directors and the 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, or his delegate, with regards to Executives and staff, 
to allow exemptions to the policy for individuals in special circumstances where application of the 
policy would cause excessive hardship. However, no such discretion is available if the individual 
concerned is in actual possession of non-public price sensitive information. Where approval for 
trading is required that approval must be evidenced in writing initialled by the Chairman or the 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer or by email from the Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer or Chairman, which must be obtained before trading is instigated. The Company 
Secretary will retain a record of all the exceptions. 
The Chairman or the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer may halt trading in the Company 
securities at any time and an email will be sent to those directors, executive management and 
employees who are affected. 
1.8 
SHARE TRADING COMPLIANCE MONITORING 
The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company will monitor compliance with the 
Share Trading Policy and will report findings monthly to the Board including, as a minimum, details 
of all Directors’ holding in Company securities on a monthly basis. 
1.9 
BREACH OF SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Notwithstanding the provisions of disciplinary action contained in General Principles, 
failure to comply with this Securities Trading Policy by any Company Personnel 
constitutes cause for immediate dismissal/termination of engagement by the Company.  
In addition, a breach of the prohibitions contained in the Corporations Act is a criminal 
offence punishable by imprisonment for up to five years, a fine of up to $220,000, or both. 
 
 
For personal use only
