 
Securities Trading Policy 
(applicable from 31 December 2010) 
1 
Purpose 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
• 
explain the type of conduct that is prohibited under the Corporations Act in relation to 
trading in securities of the Company; and  
• 
explain how the Company restricts trading in the Company’s securities to prevent 
breaches of insider trading laws. 
Ultimately, the onus is on the individual to ensure that none of his or her dealings 
contravenes the insider trading laws. 
Note: Trading in securities in the Company is prohibited at any time a person possesses 
inside information, regardless of whether this policy allows trading at that particular time. 
 
2 
Who does the policy apply to? 
This policy applies to all directors and employees of Regis Resources and its subsidiaries.  
This policy also applies to contractors of Regis Resources who are Restricted Persons. 
3 
What is insider trading? 
3.1  
The law 
In broad terms, a person will be guilty of insider trading if that person possesses information 
which is not generally available to the market and, if it were generally available to the 
market, would be likely to have a material effect on the price or value of the Company’s 
securities (i.e., information that is ‘price sensitive’) and that person: 
1. applies for, buys or sells securities in the Company (or enter into an agreement to 
do those things); or 
2. procures someone else to apply for, buy or sell securities in the Company, or 
enter into an agreement to do those things; or 
3. directly or indirectly communicates that information to a third party where that 
person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the third party would be likely to 
buy or sell the securities or procure someone else to buy or sell the securities of 
the Company. 
Last updated: 23 December 2010 
1
For personal use only

3.2 
Penalties 
Insider trading is a criminal offence.  Currently, an individual who is convicted of insider 
trading can be imprisoned for up to five years and/or fined up to $220,000.  The fine for a 
corporation is $1.1million.  These penalties are set to be substantially increased when new 
insider trading penalties become law. 
Breach of the laws on insider trading may also result in civil liability.  Currently, the civil 
penalty provisions allow penalties of up to $200,000 for an individual and $1million for a 
body corporate.  In addition, the Court has powers to make compensation orders which may 
take into account profits made by the person in breach of the insider trading laws. 
3.3 
What is “information”? 
Information includes matters of supposition or speculation and matters relating to the 
intentions or likely intentions of a person. 
3.4   
When is information “inside” information? 
When it is not “generally available” and if it were, a reasonable person would expect it to 
have a material effect on the price or value of the securities. 
Information is generally available if it : 
1. consists of readily observable matter; or 
2. has been made known in a way that would commonly bring it to the attention of 
persons who invest in securities (for example, the ASX company announcements 
platform, the Company’s website) and since the time it was made known, a 
reasonable period has elapsed for it to be disseminated; 
3. consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from (1) or (2) 
above. 
Material effect.  The information has a material effect on the price or value of securities, if 
the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly acquire 
securities in deciding whether or not to buy or sell them. 
3.5  
Examples of inside information 
The following are examples of information which, if made available generally, may be likely 
to materially affect the price of the Company’s securities: 
(a) 
significant discoveries, exploration results or changes in reserve/resource 
estimates in relation to the Company’s mining tenements and projects; 
(b) 
a material change in the Company’s financial forecasts or financial position; 
(c) 
the granting or loss of a major contract; 
(d) 
the threat of major litigation against the Company; 
(e) 
the Company considering a major acquisition or disposal of assets; 
(f) 
a share issue proposal; 
Last updated: 23 December 2010 
2
For personal use only

(g) 
a change in accounting policy adopted by the Company; 
(h) 
an agreement or option to acquire an interest in a mining tenement, or to enter 
into a joint venture or farm-in or farm-out arrangement in relation to a mining 
tenement;  
(i) 
a management or business restructuring proposal; 
(j) 
a proposed dividend; or 
(k) 
an expansion or contraction of the Company’s operations. 
This list is not exhaustive and is provided by way of example only. 
3.6 
Trading through third parties 
A person does not need to be a Director or employee of the Company to be guilty of insider 
trading in relation to securities in the Company.  The prohibition extends to dealings by 
Directors and employees through their nominees, agents or other associates, such as family 
members, family trusts and family companies (referred to as “Associates” in these 
guidelines). 
3.7 
Information however obtained 
It does not matter how or where the person obtains the information – it does not have to be 
obtained from the Company to constitute “inside” information. 
3.8 
Employee share schemes 
The prohibition does not apply to acquisitions of shares or options by employees made 
under employee share or option schemes.  The prohibition does not apply to the acquisition 
of shares as a result of the exercise of options under an employee option scheme.  
However, the prohibition does apply to the sale of shares acquired under an employee 
share scheme and also to the sale of shares acquired following the exercise of an option 
granted under an employee option scheme. 
4 
Policy 
4.1 
General rule 
All directors and employees of Regis Resources and contractors to Regis Resources who 
are designated as Restricted Persons and who are in possession of inside information are 
prohibited from trading in the Company’s securities or procuring another person to trade in 
the Company’s securities at any time. 
Last updated: 23 December 2010 
3
For personal use only

4.2 
Restricted Persons 
Restricted Persons means: 
1. all directors and their spouses and related parties (as defined in the Corporations Act 
2001); 
2. contractors notified by the Managing Director or Company Secretary in writing as 
being Restricted Persons; and 
3. any person designated by the Managing Director as Key Management Personnel 
from time to time in accordance with this Policy. 
Key Management Personnel means any person designated by the Managing Director as 
key management personnel from time to time and notified in writing by the Company 
Secretary.  Such persons may cease to be Key Management Personnel as the 
circumstances dictate, and they will also be notified when they cease to be Key 
Management Personnel by the Company Secretary. 
[For example: key management personnel are likely to include those persons having authority and 
responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company either directly or 
indirectly, and those persons who are involved in key financial, corporate, technical or other activities 
of the Company as they occur from time to time]. 
4.3 
Closed periods 
All Restricted Persons are prohibited from buying or selling Company securities: 
(1) 
in the 14 day period prior to the: 
• 
release of the half yearly results announcement to ASX; 
• 
release of the full year results announcement to ASX;  and 
• 
release of a disclosure document offering securities in the Company,  
(2) 
in the 7 day period prior to the: 
• 
release of the quarterly results announcement to ASX. 
 
Last updated: 23 December 2010 
4
For personal use only

In addition, all Restricted Persons are prohibited from buying or selling Company securities 
where:  
• 
the person knows or expects that the Company’s final half year or full year 
financial results are likely to be materially different to any preliminary 
guidance results announced to the ASX; 
• 
a confidential and incomplete price sensitive proposal is being considered or 
negotiated by the Company and that information is exempt from disclosure 
under Listing Rule 3.1A;  
• 
there exists information regarding definition drilling, resource or reserve 
upgrades or new discoveries or the awarding of any major contract or relating 
to other activities such as those set out in clause 3.5 of this Policy. 
Key Management Personnel will be identified by the Managing Director as necessary and 
will be notified in writing by the Company Secretary as being affected by the closed period. 
4.4 
Other prohibited trading periods 
The Company may at its discretion notify all directors and employees that a restricted trading 
period is in effect and they must refrain from trading in the Company’s securities during this 
period. 
4.5 
No short-term trading in the Company’s securities 
Directors and employees should never engage in short-term trading of the Company’s 
securities except for the exercise of options where the shares will be sold shortly thereafter. 
4.6 
Securities in other companies 
Buying and selling securities of other companies with which the Company may be dealing is 
prohibited where an individual possesses information about that other company which is not 
generally available to the market and is ‘price sensitive’.   
4.7 
Notification of periods when Directors and employees can trade 
The Company Secretary will endeavour to notify all Directors, employees and any other 
Restricted Persons of the times when they are permitted to buy or sell the Company’s 
securities. 
4.8 
Exceptions from Trading Policy 
Directors and employees may: 
(a) 
acquire ordinary shares in the Company by conversion of securities giving a right 
of conversion to ordinary shares; 
(b) 
acquire Company securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of securities 
of the same class; 
(c) 
acquire or agree to acquire or exercise options under the Company’s Employee 
Share Option Plan; 
(d) 
undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer;  
Last updated: 23 December 2010 
5
For personal use only

Last updated: 23 December 2010 
6
(e) 
transfer securities of the Company already held into a superannuation fund or 
other saving scheme in which the restricted person is a beneficiary. 
4.9 
Trading allowed in exceptional circumstances 
In specific circumstances such as severe financial hardship or other exceptional 
circumstances, the Chairman may waive the trading restrictions in paragraphs 4.3 – 4.4 on 
the condition that the Restricted Person can demonstrate that they are not in possession of 
any price sensitive information that is generally not available to the public.  Other examples 
of “exceptional circumstances” include a transfer of shares required by family court order or 
other legal requirement. 
The Restricted Person must satisfy the Chairman that the circumstances are exceptional 
and that the proposed sale or disposal of the securities is the only reasonable course of 
action available to them and must submit a Trading Exemption Request form seeking 
authorisation of the trade to the Company Secretary.  Any such clearance will be provided in 
writing (including by email). 
However, if a Director or employee of the Company is in possession of price sensitive 
information which is not generally available to the market, then he or she must not trade in 
the Company’s securities at any time. 
4.10 
Trading Forms 
All directors and Key Management Personnel must complete a Trading Notification form and 
provide it to the Company Secretary within 2 days after that person buys or sells securities in 
the Company. 
The Trading Notification form must be completed in full, including details of the number of 
securities traded, the date the trading took place and whether the trading occurred inside a 
closed period. 
4.11 
ASX Notifications for directors 
The ASX Listing Rules require the Company to notify ASX within 5 business days after any 
dealing in securities of the Company (either personally or through an Associate) which 
results in a change in the relevant interests of a Director in the securities of the Company.  
The Company has made arrangements with each Director to ensure that the Director 
promptly discloses to the Company Secretary all the information required by ASX.  The 
notification  must also specify whether the trading took place during a closed period, where 
prior written clearance was required, and if so, when that was provided. 
4.12 
Funding Arrangements 
All directors and Key Management Personnel are prohibited from entering into funding 
arrangements relating to their interests in the Company’s shares or options where the 
funding security would affect the equivalent of 3% or more of the Company’s listed shares.  
5 
Compliance with this Policy 
Strict compliance with the policy is a condition of employment.  Breaches of this policy will be 
subject to disciplinary action which may include termination of employment. 
6 
Queries 
For any queries relating to this policy, please contact the Company Secretary, or the 
Managing Director. 
For personal use only
