 
1 
 
ASX Announcement 
13 April 2023 
SECURITIES DEALING POLICY 
 
In accordance with Listing Rule 12.10, attached is a copy of Reliance Worldwide Corporation Limited’s (ASX: 
RWC) revised Securities Dealing Policy.  
 
 
 
For enquiries, please contact: 
Phil King 
Group Investor Relations Director  
+61 499 986 189 
Email: phil.king@rwc.com 
 
 
This document was approved for release by the Company Secretary. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
 
Reliance Worldwide Corporation Limited 
(Company) 
 
ACN 610 855 877 
 
  
 
  
Adopted by the Board on 12 April 2023 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
page 1
 
1 
What is this Policy about? 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
 
ensure that public confidence is maintained in the reputation of Reliance 
Worldwide Corporation Limited (the Company) and its related bodies corporate 
(together, the Group), the directors and employees of the Group and in the 
trading of the Company’s securities; 
 
explain the Company’s policy and procedures for the buying and selling of 
securities to assist the Group’s directors and employees; and  
 
recognise that some types of dealing in securities are prohibited by law. 
2 
Who does this Policy apply to? 
This Policy applies to directors of the Company and all employees of the Group. 
Certain aspects of this Policy also apply to “Connected Persons” of employees and 
directors, meaning, for each employee and director: 
(a) 
a family member who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, the 
employee or director in his or her dealings with the Company or Company 
securities (this may include the employee’s or director’s spouse, partner and 
children, the children of the employee’s or director’s partner, or dependants of 
the employee or director or the employee’s or director’s partner); and 
(b) 
a company or any other entity which the employee or director has an ability to 
control.  
Employees and directors must take appropriate steps to ensure that their Connected 
Persons do not breach this Policy. 
3 
What is the insider trading restriction? 
3.1 
No dealing while in possession of Inside Information 
Employees, directors, and Connected Persons must not deal in the Company’s securities 
if: 
 
they are aware of Inside Information; or 
 
the Company has notified employees or directors that they (or their Connected 
Persons) must not deal in securities (either for a specified period, or until the 
Company gives further notice). 
Inside Information is information that: 
 
is not generally available to the market; and  
 
if it were generally available to the market, a reasonable person would expect it 
to have a material effect (upwards or downwards) on the price or value of a 
security. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
page 2
 
Inside Information may include matters of supposition, matters that are not yet certain 
and matters relating to a person’s intentions. 
The requirements of this Policy are separate from, and in addition to, the legal 
prohibitions in the Corporations Act on insider trading. See section 9 for further 
discussion of the rules on insider trading.  
3.2 
The Front Page Test 
It is important that public confidence in the Group is maintained. It would be damaging to 
the Group’s reputation if the market or the general public perceived that directors and 
employees might be taking advantage of their position in the Group to make financial 
gains (by dealing in securities on the basis of Inside Information).  
As a guiding principle, directors and employees should ask themselves: 
If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could the proposed dealing be 
perceived by the market as the director or employee taking advantage of his or her 
position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the transaction were reported on 
the front page of the newspaper? (The Front Page Test) 
If the director or employee is unsure, he or she should consult the Company Secretary. 
Where any approval is required for a dealing under this Policy, approval will not be 
granted where the dealing would not satisfy the Front Page Test. 
4 
Who has additional trading restrictions under this Policy? 
Additional trading restrictions (set out below) apply to: 
 
directors of the Company; 
 
officers and other direct reports of the Chief Executive Officer (Senior 
Executives); and/or 
 
other persons who regularly possess Inside Information and who have been 
advised by the Company Secretary that they are subject to special restrictions 
under this Policy (Nominated Employees), 
collectively defined as “Restricted Persons” in this Policy. 
5 
When can Restricted Persons deal in the Company’s 
securities? 
5.1 
No dealing in blackout periods 
A blackout period is any period that is not a permitted trading window under section 5.2 of 
this Policy. 
Restricted Persons and their Connected Persons must not deal in Company securities 
during blackout periods except in exceptional circumstances (section 5.3).  
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
page 3
 
5.2 
Permitted trading window 
Restricted Persons and their Connected Persons are permitted to deal in Company 
securities during the following permitted trading windows subject to not being in 
possession of any Inside Information and subject to obtaining required prior approval 
(section 5.4): 
 
the period of one calendar month beginning on the first trading day after the day 
the Company’s audited full-year results are announced to the ASX;  
 
the period of one calendar month beginning on the first trading day after the day 
the Company’s audit reviewed half-year results are announced to the ASX; 
 
any other period that the Board specifies from time to time (for example, after 
release of a quarterly trading update or Annual General Meeting). 
The Board has the right to modify or close an open trading window for any reason. 
5.3 
Exceptional circumstances 
If a Restricted Person or their Connected Person needs to deal in securities during a 
blackout period due to exceptional circumstances and is not in possession of any Inside 
Information, then, the Restricted Person may apply in writing to:  
 
the Chief Executive Officer (in the case of Senior Executives, Nominated 
Employees, or their Connected Persons); 
 
the Chair of the Board (in the case of Directors, or their Connected Persons);  
 
the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee (in the case of the Chair of the 
Board, or his/her Connected Persons). 
A copy of the request is to be provided to the Company Secretary. 
Approval to deal will only be granted if the Restricted Person’s or their Connected 
Person’s application is accompanied by sufficient evidence (in the opinion of the person 
providing clearance) that the dealing is the most reasonable course of action available in 
the circumstances. The person providing clearance should consult with members of 
management where appropriate to determine if there is any reason (legal or reputational) 
why approval to deal should not be granted. 
Exceptional circumstances are likely to include severe financial hardship or compulsion 
by court order. 
If approval to deal is granted, the Restricted Person will be notified in writing (which may 
include notification via email) and in each circumstance the duration of the approval will 
be 10 business days. 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this section 5.3 
must comply with the other sections of this Policy. 
5.4 
Prior approval required for any dealing in permitted trading windows 
(a) 
During any permitted trading window under section 5.2, Restricted Persons 
must, prior to any proposed dealing and complying with any other provisions of 
this Policy, notify the Company Secretary and seek approval for the proposed 
dealing in the Company’s securities (including any proposed dealing by one of 
their Connected Persons) as follows: 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
page 4
 
(1) 
any Senior Executive or Nominated Employee must inform and obtain 
approval from the Chief Executive Officer before a dealing is 
undertaken; 
(2) 
the Chair of the Board must inform and obtain approval from the Chair 
of the Audit and Risk Committee before a transaction is undertaken; 
and 
(3) 
any other Director must inform and receive approval from the Chair of 
the Board before a dealing is undertaken. 
Approval decisions will be made in consultation with the Company Secretary. 
(b) 
A request for approval to deal will be answered as soon as practicable.  
(c) 
The relevant approver may direct the person who is proposing to deal in the 
Company’s securities not to deal, or impose conditions on the dealing in their 
discretion, and is not obliged to provide reasons for any direction or condition. If 
a request is not approved or an approval is revoked, that fact must be kept 
confidential. 
(d) 
Following receipt of approval to deal, the approved dealing must occur within 10 
business days following approval, otherwise the approval is no longer effective 
and fresh approval must be sought. For the avoidance of doubt, an approval to 
deal will immediately cease if a permitted trading window ends or is otherwise 
closed by the Board prior to the end of the 10 business days period. 
5.5 
Confirmation of trade required 
Following any trade, Restricted Persons must promptly notify the Company Secretary, 
ideally by close of business on the day of the trade. This is to assist the Company to 
comply with its disclosure obligations under the ASX Listing Rules. 
6 
What other restrictions on dealing apply? 
6.1 
No short-term dealing 
Employees, directors, and Connected Persons must not deal in the Company’s securities 
on a short-term trading basis. Short-term trading includes buying and selling securities on 
market within a 3 month period, and entering into other short-term dealings (for example, 
forward contracts). 
If an Employee, director or Connected Person needs to deal in securities on a short-term 
trading basis due to exceptional circumstances and is not in possession of any Inside 
Information, then, the Employee or director may apply in writing to:  
 
the Chief Executive Officer (in the case of Employees, or their Connected 
Persons); 
 
the Chair of the Board (in the case of directors, or their Connected Persons);  
 
the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee (in the case of the Chair of the 
Board, or his/her Connected Persons). 
Approval to deal will only be granted if the Employee’s or director’s or their Connected 
Person’s application is accompanied by sufficient evidence (in the opinion of the person 
providing clearance) that the dealing is the most reasonable course of action available in 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
page 5
 
the circumstances. The person providing clearance should consult with members of 
management where appropriate to determine if there is any reason (legal or reputational) 
why approval to deal should not be granted. 
If approval to deal is granted, Employees or directors will be notified in writing (which may 
include notification via email) and any approval may be conditional upon such terms and 
conditions as the relevant approver see fit. 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this section 6.1 
must comply with the other sections of this Policy. 
6.2 
Margin lending arrangements  
(a) 
Employees, directors, and Connected Persons must not engage in any dealing 
in the Company’s securities in connection with a margin lending arrangement. 
(b) 
Examples of such dealings include: 
(1) 
entering into a margin lending arrangement in respect of the 
Company’s securities; 
(2) 
transferring securities in the Company into an existing margin loan 
account; and 
(3) 
selling securities in the Company to satisfy a call pursuant to a margin 
loan. 
6.3 
Hedging of Company securities 
Hedging includes entering into transactions in financial products that operate to limit the 
economic risk associated with holding Company securities. 
Under this Policy, hedging of the Company’s securities is not permitted. 
7 
Are any dealings excluded from this policy? 
Sections 5.1, 5.2, 5.4 and 6.1 of this Policy do not apply to:  
(a) 
participation in an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by the 
Company. However, where securities in the Company granted under an 
employee, executive or director equity plan cease to be held under the terms of 
that plan, any dealings in those securities must only occur in accordance with 
this Policy; 
(b) 
the following categories of trades: 
 
acquisition of Company securities through a dividend reinvestment 
plan; 
 
acquisition of Company securities through a share purchase plan 
available to all retail shareholders; 
 
acquisition of Company securities through a rights issue; and  
 
the disposal of Company securities through the acceptance of a 
takeover offer, scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back;  
(c) 
dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the 
securities (for example, transfers of Company securities already held into a 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
page 6
 
superannuation fund or trust of which the Restricted Person or their Connected 
Person is a beneficiary); 
(d) 
trading under a pre-approved non-discretionary trading plan, where the 
Restricted Person or their Connected Person did not enter into the plan or 
amend the plan during a blackout period, the plan does not permit the 
Restricted Person or their Connected Person to exercise any influence or 
discretion in relation to trading under the plan and the plan cannot be cancelled 
during a blackout period, other than in exceptional circumstances; and  
(e) 
a disposal of securities of the Company that is the result of a secured lender 
exercising their rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement.  
However, such dealings remain subject to the insider trading rules in the Corporations 
Act. 
8 
What restrictions apply to dealing in securities in other 
companies? 
The insider trading restriction in the Corporations Act prohibits dealings not only in the 
Company’s securities but also in those of other listed companies. 
Employees, directors, and their Connected Persons must not deal of the securities in 
another company if they are aware of Inside Information in relation to that company.  
Employees, directors, or their Connected Persons may come into possession of Inside 
Information where they are directly involved in client relationship management or 
negotiating contracts. For example, where a person is aware that the Company or Group 
is about to sign a major agreement with another company, that person should not buy or 
sell securities in either the Company or the other company. 
If you are in any doubt, consult with the Company Secretary. 
9 
What are the rules about insider trading? 
Broadly speaking, the law provides that a person who has Inside Information about a 
company must not:  
(a) 
buy or sell securities in a company, or enter in an agreement to buy or sell 
securities, or exercise options over securities, or otherwise apply for, acquire or 
dispose of securities (deal);  
(b) 
encourage someone else to deal in securities in that company; or  
(c) 
directly or indirectly provide that information to another person where they 
know, or ought to know, that that person is likely to deal in securities or 
encourage someone else to deal in securities of that company (tipping).  
These restrictions apply to all securities, not just the Company’s securities. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
page 7
 
10 
What happens if this policy is breached? 
Breaches of the insider trading laws have serious consequences for the employee, 
director, or Connected Person concerned as well as the Company. Penalties under the 
Corporations Act include financial penalties and imprisonment. 
Independently, breaches of this Policy will be regarded by the Company as serious and 
will be subject to appropriate sanctions. 
Any person who is suspected of breaching this Policy may be suspended from attending 
the workplace on full pay pending the outcome of investigations into the alleged breach. 
Any person who breaches this Policy could face disciplinary action (including forfeiture of 
securities and/or suspension or termination of employment). 
The Company will take a substance over form approach and will have regard to the intent 
and spirit of this Policy when applying and enforcing it. 
11 
Who should I contact? 
Employees and directors should contact the Company Secretary if: 
 
they are unsure about whether it is acceptable to deal or communicate with 
others in relation to the Company’s securities or other securities; or 
 
they have any other queries about this Policy. 
 
For personal use only
