 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
 
07 September 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
West Australian focused gold exploration and development company, Rox 
Resources Limited (“Rox” or “the Company”) (ASX: RXL) wishes to advise 
that its Securities Trading Policy has been updated. 
Attached is the amended Securities Trading Policy. 
 
 
Authorised for release to the ASX by the Board of Rox Resources Limited. 
 
***ENDS*** 
 
For more information: 
 
Alex Passmore  
Managing Director 
Tel: +61 8 9226 0044 
 
 
 
E: admin@roxresources.com.au 
 
 
 
 
ROX RESOURCES LIMITED 
ASX: RXL 
Rox Resources Limited (ASX: 
RXL) is an Australian listed 
company with advanced gold 
projects in Western Australia: 
the Youanmi Gold Project and 
the Mt Fisher Gold project 
 
DIRECTORS 
Mr Stephen Dennis 
Chairman 
 
Mr Alex Passmore  
Managing Director 
 
Dr John Mair 
Non-Executive Director 
 
 
Shares on Issue 
157.6m 
Share Price 
$0.44 
Market Cap. 
$69.3m 
Cash & Receivables  
(incl $3.1m 
receivable, cash as 
at 30 June 2021) 
$15.0m  
 
 
 
Level 2, 87 Colin Street, 
West Perth WA 6005 
 
+61 8 9226 0044 
 
admin@roxresources.com.au 
www.roxresources.com.au 
 
Follow Rox: 
 
 
 
RRL1776D 
Revised Securities Trading Policy 
For personal use only

 
 
ROX RESOURCES LIMITED 
 
 
 
2 
Level 2, 87 Colin Street, 
 
West Perth WA 6005 
 
 
+61 8 9226 0044 
ASX CODE: RXL 
 
E: admin@roxresources.com.au 
www.roxresources.com.au 
 
About Rox Resources 
Rox Resources (ASX:RXL) is a West Australian focused gold exploration and development company. It is 70 per cent owner and operator of 
the historic Youanmi Gold Project near Mt Magnet, approximately 480 kilometres northeast of Perth, and wholly-owns the Mt Fisher Gold 
project approximately 140 kilometres southeast of Wiluna.  Youanmi has a Total Mineral Resource of 1,656 koz of contained gold, with potential 
for further expansion with the integration of existing prospects into the Resource and further drilling.  Youanmi was a high-grade gold mine 
and produced 667,000 oz of gold (at 5.47 g/t Au) before it closed in 1997.   Youanmi is classified as a disturbed site and is on existing mining 
leases which has significant existing infrastructure to support a return to mining operations. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

P a g e 1 | 9 
 
sec
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
Rox Resources Limited ACN 107 202 602 (Company) 
 
1 
Purpose 
 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
 
 
assist those persons covered by the policy to comply with their obligations under the insider 
trading provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act); 
 
 
aim to ensure that the reputation of the Company and its subsidiaries (Group) is not adversely 
impacted by perceptions of trading in the Company’s securities at certain times, and to ensure 
a proper market for the Company’s securities is maintained that supports shareholder and 
investor confidence; 
 
 
establish a procedure for trading in the Company’s securities by persons covered by the policy 
including setting out: the periods when trading is prohibited; the restrictions on trading; the 
exceptional circumstances when trading may be permitted during a prohibited period with prior 
written clearance; the procedure to obtain written clearance to trade during a prohibited period; 
and the trading that is excluded from the policy; and 
 
 
comply with the ASX Listing Rules. 
 
This policy is for the protection of the Company and each of the persons covered by the policy. If you 
do not understand any part of this policy, or the summary of the law relating to insider trading, or how 
it applies to you, you should contact the Company Secretary before trading in any securities covered 
by this policy. Ultimately it is your responsibility to make sure that none of your trading constitutes 
insider trading or breaches this policy in any way. 
 
2 
Who does this policy apply to? 
 
This policy applies to Restricted Persons. A Restricted Person is a person who is: 
 
(a) 
a person having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities 
of the Company, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of 
the Company (Key Management Personnel); 
 
(b) 
an employee of the Group (Employees); or 
 
(c) 
a Connected Person of Key Management Personnel or Employees. 
 
A Connected Person means a: 
 
(a) 
spouse or partner; 
 
(b) 
child or step-child under 18 years; 
 
(c) 
a parent; 
 
(d) 
an unlisted body corporate which the Key Management Personnel or Employee controls or is 
director of; 
 
(e) 
a trust of which the Key Management Personnel, Employee or any of the persons referred to 
above is a trustee; 
 
 
For personal use only

P a g e 2 | 9 
 
(f) 
a trust of which the Key Management Personnel, Employee  or any of the persons referred to 
above is a beneficiary; or  
 
(g) 
any other person over whom the Key Management Personnel or Employee has significant 
influence or control.  
 
Where this policy requires a Restricted Person to do an act or thing, the relevant Restricted Person 
must do that act or thing in respect of the Connected Person. 
 
 
3 
What securities are covered by this policy? 
 
This policy applies to trading in all securities issued by the Company, and includes the following types 
of securities: 
 
(a) 
shares, share acquisition rights and options; 
 
(b) 
debentures (including bonds and notes); 
 
(c) 
derivatives of any of the above (including equity swaps, futures, hedges and exchange-traded 
or over-the-counter options) whether settled by cash or otherwise, 
 
(Company Securities). 
 
The insider trading provisions in the Corporations Act also apply to the securities of other companies 
and entities if you have inside information about that company or entity. These other companies and 
entities may include suppliers or customers of the Group; joint venture partners; or companies that the 
Company or another member of the Group has entered (or is planning to enter) into a transaction 
with, for example a takeover or asset sale. 
 
To “trade” in securities means, whether as principal or agent, to apply for, acquire or dispose of 
securities; enter into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of securities. To “trade” includes 
the exercise of an option or the conversion of a share acquisition right. 
 
4 
Insider trading prohibition 
 
4.1 
What is Inside Information? 
 
Inside Information is information that: (a) is not generally available; and (b) if it were generally 
available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of the 
securities. 
 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price or 
value of securities if (and only if) the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons who 
commonly acquire securities in deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of those securities. In 
other words, the information must be shown to be material to the investment decision of a reasonable 
hypothetical investor in the securities. 
 
It does not matter how you come to know the Inside Information. For the purpose of the insider 
trading provisions of the Corporations Act, “information” is given a wide meaning and includes matters 
of supposition and other matters that are insufficiently definite to warrant being made known to the 
public and matters relating to the intentions, or the likely intentions of a person. 
 
Examples of information which, if made available to the market, may depending on the circumstances 
be likely to have a material effect on the price of Company Securities are set out in the Appendix. 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

P a g e 3 | 9 
 
 
4.2 
When is information generally available? 
 
Information is generally available if: 
 
(a) 
it consists of ‘readily observable matter’; 
 
(b) 
it has been made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, bring it to the attention of 
persons who commonly invest in securities of a kind whose price or value might be affected by 
the information and since it was made known, a reasonable period for it to be disseminated 
among such persons has elapsed; or 
(c) 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information of the kind 
referred to in (a) or (b) above. 
 
4.3 
Prohibited conduct 
 
In summary, the Corporations Act prohibits three types of conduct relating to Inside Information: 
 
 
the direct or indirect acquisition or disposal of securities using Inside Information; 
 
 
the procurement of another person to acquire or dispose of securities using Inside Information; 
and 
 
 
communication of Inside Information to another person for the purpose of the other person 
acquiring or disposing of securities. 
 
You must not, whether in your own capacity or as an agent for another, apply for, acquire or dispose 
of, or enter into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of, any securities (whether they are 
Company Securities or securities in another entity which the Prohibited Person holds Insider 
Information on, due to the Company's dealings with the other entity), or procure another person to 
do so if you: 
 
(a) 
possess Inside Information; and 
 
(b) 
know or ought reasonably to know, that: 
 
(i) 
the information is not generally available; and 
 
(ii) 
if it were generally available, it might have a material effect on the price or value of the 
securities or influence a person's decision to buy or sell the securities. 
 
Further, you must not either directly or indirectly pass on this kind of information to another person if 
they know, or ought reasonably to know, that this other person is likely to apply for, acquire or dispose 
of the securities or procure another person to do so. 
 
4.4 
Consequences of insider trading 
 
Engaging in “insider trading” (as summarised in section 4.3), can subject you to criminal liability, 
including substantial monetary fines and/or imprisonment. You may also be subject to civil liability, 
which may include being sued by another party or the Company, for any loss suffered as a result of 
insider trading. Insider trading is prohibited at all times. 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

P a g e 4 | 9 
 
 
5 
Blackout periods 
 
In addition to the prohibitions on insider trading set out in the Corporations Act, Restricted Persons 
must not trade in Company Securities: 
 
(a) 
in the period commencing five trading days before the date of the meeting of the full Board in its 
capacity as the Audit Committee for the approval of the Company’s half-year or financial 
accounts and ending 24 hours immediately following the release of the Company’s half year 
and annual financial accounts;  
 
(b) 
in the period commencing on the quarter-end at which any quarterly mining activity report 
(under Listing Rule 5.1) or quarterly exploration activity reports and Appendix 5B consolidated 
cash flow statements (under Listing Rules 5.3 - 5.5.) are compiled and ending 24 hours 
immediately following the release of the Company's quarterly mining activity report or quarterly 
exploration activity report and Appendix 5B and 
 
(c) 
in the period commencing upon the release of an announcement by the Company and ending 
at the close of the next trading date after the day the announcements is released. 
 
(Blackout Periods), unless the circumstances are exceptional in accordance with section 6 and 
prior written clearance described in section 7 has been granted. 
 
In addition to the prohibitions on insider trading set out in the Corporations Act, Restricted Persons 
must not trade in Company Securities within any period imposed by the Board from time to time, for 
example because the Company is considering matters that would require disclosure to the market 
but for Listing Rule 3.1A (Additional Period), unless the circumstances are exceptional in 
accordance with section 6 and prior written clearance described in section 7 has been granted. 
This prohibition is in addition to the Blackout Periods. The Blackout Periods and the Additional 
Period are together referred to as a Prohibited Period in this policy. Restricted Persons must not 
disclose to anyone that an Additional Period is in effect. 
 
Please note that even if it is outside a Prohibited Period, Restricted Persons must not trade in the 
Company's Securities if they are in possession of Inside Information. 
 
6 
Exceptional circumstances when trading may be permitted 
subject to prior written clearance 
A Restricted Person, who is not in possession of Inside Information, may be given prior written 
clearance to trade in Company Securities during a Prohibited Period in accordance with the 
procedure described in section 7, in the following exceptional circumstances: 
 
(a) 
where the person is in severe financial hardship; or 
 
(b) 
where there are other circumstances deemed to be exceptional by the person granting the prior 
written clearance. 
 
The determination of whether a person is in severe financial hardship or whether there are other 
exceptional circumstances can only be made by the relevant Approving Officer in accordance with the 
procedure for obtaining clearance prior to trading set out in section 7. A person may be in severe 
financial hardship if he or she has a pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise 
than by selling the relevant Company Securities. A tax liability would not normally constitute severe 
financial hardship unless the person has no other means of satisfying the liability. A circumstance 
may be considered exceptional if the person in question is required by a court order or a court 
enforceable undertaking to transfer or sell, or accept a transfer of, the Company Securities or there is 
some other overriding legal or regulatory requirement for him or her to do so. 
 
For personal use only

P a g e 5 | 9 
 
 
7 
Procedure for obtaining written clearance prior to trading 
 
Restricted Persons must not trade in Company Securities, including for  the exceptional 
circumstances referred to in section 6, unless the Restricted Person first obtains prior written 
clearance from: 
 
(a) 
in the case of employees, the Managing Director and the Chairman, or in the absence of one of 
these Approving Officers, the other Approving Officer, or in both of their absences, the Company 
Secretary; 
 
(b) 
in the case of a director (other than the Managing Director), the Chair and the Managing Director, 
or in the absence of one of these Approving Officers, the other Approving Officer; 
 
(c) 
in the case of the Managing Director, the Chair and a Non-Executive Director, or in the absence 
of one of these Approving Officers, the other Approving Officer, or in both of their absences, the 
Finance Director, 
 
(d) 
in the case of the Chair, the Managing Director and a Non-Executive Director, 
(each, an Approving Officer). 
A request for prior written clearance under this policy should be made in writing using the form 
attached to this policy entitled 'Request for Prior Written Clearance to Trade in Company Securities' 
and given to the Approving Officer. The request may be submitted in person, by mail or, by email. 
 
Any written clearance granted under this policy will be valid for the period of 5 business days from the 
time which it is given or such other period as may be determined by the Approving Officer. The expiry 
time of the clearance will be stated in the clearance granted. Written clearance under this policy may be 
given in person, by mail, by email or by facsimile. 
A written clearance granted under this policy does not endorse the proposed trade of Company 
Securities and the Prohibited Person carrying out the trade is individually responsible for their 
investment decisions and compliance with insider trading laws.  
Any written clearance granted under this policy can be withdrawn by the Approving Officer if new 
information comes to light or there is a change in the circumstances surrounding the written 
clearance. The Approving Officer has absolute discretion to refuse a request for written clearance, 
which is final and binding on the Restricted Person. The refusal of request for written clearance is 
confidential and cannot be disclosed by the Restricted Person. 
 
8 
What trading is not subject to this policy? 
 
The following trading by Restricted Persons is excluded from the restrictions outlined in section 5, but 
is subject at all times to the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act summarised in section 
4 of this policy: 
 
(a) 
transfers of Company Securities between a Restricted Person and their spouse, civil partner, 
child, step-child, family company, family trust or other close family member or of Company 
Securities already held into a superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which the 
Restricted Person is a beneficiary; 
 
(b) 
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in Company Securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at 
the discretion of a third party; 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

P a g e 6 | 9 
 
 
(c) 
where a Restricted Person is a trustee (expect as outlined in section 8(k) of this policy), trading 
in the Company Securities by that trust provided that the Restricted Person is not a beneficiary 
of the trust and any decision to trade during a Prohibited Period is taken by the other trustees 
or by the investment managers independently of the Restricted Person; 
 
(d) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
 
(e) 
a disposal of Company Securities arising from a scheme of arrangement;  
 
(f) 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders such as, a rights 
issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an equal access 
buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer has been approved 
by the Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and 
the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a 
renounceable pro rata issue; 
 
(g) 
a disposal of Company Securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, 
for example, under a margin lending arrangement. Please note section 11 of this policy; 
Restricted Persons must not enter into margin loan agreements or other secured lending 
arrangements in relation to Company Securities without first obtaining prior written clearance 
from the appropriate Approving Officer in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7; 
 
(h) 
the exercise (but not the sale of Company Securities following exercise) of an option or right 
under an employee incentive scheme that is ASIC Class Order 03/1874 compliant, or the 
conversion of a convertible security, where: 
 
(i) 
the final date for the exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of the security, falls 
during a Prohibited Period and the Company has been in an exceptionally long 
Prohibited Period or the Company has had a number of consecutive Prohibited Periods 
and the Restricted Person could not reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a 
time when free to do so; and 
 
(ii) 
the Restricted Person obtains prior written clearance to exercise the option or right, or 
convert the security, in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7 of this policy; 
 
(i) 
trading under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior written clearance has been 
provided in accordance with procedures set out in this Policy and where: (a) the Restricted 
Person did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a Prohibited Period; and (b) the 
trading plan does not permit the Restricted Person to exercise any influence or discretion over 
how, when, or whether to trade; or 
 
(j) 
a director obtaining a share qualification. 
  
9 
Hedging transactions 
 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from entering into transactions or arrangements which limit the 
economic risk of participating in unvested entitlements under any equity based remuneration 
schemes. 
 
10 Margin loans and other secured lending 
 
Restricted Persons must not enter into margin loan agreements or other secured lending 
arrangements in relation to Company Securities without first obtaining prior written clearance from the 
appropriate Approving Officer in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7. 
 
 
For personal use only

P a g e 7 | 9 
 
11 Non-discretionary trading plans 
 
Restricted Persons must not put in place a non-discretionary trading plan in respect of Company 
Securities without first obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate Approving Officer in 
accordance with the procedure set out in section 7. Restricted Persons must not cancel any such 
trading plan during a Prohibited Period, unless the circumstances are exceptional in accordance 
with section 6 and prior written clearance described in section 7 has been granted. 
 
12 Short-Term Trading and Short Selling  
Restricted Persons must not acquire Company Securities with the intention of disposing of some or 
all of those Company Securities within a period of less than 3 months from the date of the 
acquisition without first obtaining prior written clearance from the appropriate Approving Officer in 
accordance with the procedure set out in section 7. This does not prohibit the Restricted Persons 
from disposing of Company Securities within a short time period after vesting or issuance of the 
Company Securities under a share plan.  
Restricted Persons must not enter into agreements, transactions or instruments to borrow or sell 
Company Securities with an intention of buying those Company Securities back at a later date, a 
practice commonly known as short selling.  
 
13 Substantial Holding 
 
A Restricted Persons must provide details to the Approving Officer in the notice under section 7, 
if a trade will result in the Restricted Person beginning to have, or ceasing to have, a substantial 
holding (as that term is defined in section 9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)). They must also 
provide details to the Approving Officer if they have a substantial holding and there is movement 
of at least 1% in their holding.  
 
14 Director notification requirements 
 
Directors have agreed with the Company to provide details of changes in Company Securities they 
hold (directly or indirectly) to the Company Secretary as soon as reasonably possible to enable the 
Company to comply with its obligations under the ASX Listing Rules. 
 
Directors are referred to the Company's Director's Disclosure Obligations document and Director's 
Declaration of Interest Form. Directors are reminded that it is their obligation under section 205G of 
the Corporations Act to notify the market operator within 14 days after any change in a director's 
interest if the Company has failed to do so. 
 
15 Register of notifications and clearances 
 
The Company Secretary must maintain a register of notifications and clearances given in relation to 
trading in Company Securities. 
 
The Company Secretary must report all notifications of trading in, and clearances given, in relation to 
trading in Company Securities to the next Board meeting of the Company. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

P a g e 8 | 9 
 
16 Consequences of breach 
 
Breach of the insider trading prohibition could expose you to criminal and civil liability. Breach of this 
policy (irrespective of whether the insider trading prohibition or any other law is breached) will also be 
regarded by the Group as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action and/or dismissal. 
 
This policy does not contain an exhaustive analysis of the restrictions imposed on, and the very 
serious legal ramifications of, insider trading. Restricted Persons who wish to obtain further advice in 
this matter, are encouraged to contact the Company Secretary. 
 
17 ASX Listing Rule requirements 
 
It is a requirement for admission to the official list of ASX, and an on-going requirement for listing, that 
the Company has a securities trading policy. 
 
The Company will give a copy of this policy to ASX for release to the market. The Company will also 
give any amended version of this policy to ASX when it makes a change to: the periods within which 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from trading in Company Securities; the trading that is excluded 
from the operation of the policy; or the exceptional circumstances in which Restricted Persons may be 
permitted to trade during a Prohibited Period, within five business days of the amendments taking 
effect. The Company will also give this policy to ASX immediately on request by ASX. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

P a g e 9 | 9 
 
Appendix 
 
Examples of information which, if made available to the market, may depending on the circumstances 
be likely to have a material effect on the price or value of Company Securities include, but are not 
limited to: 
 
(a) 
a transaction that will lead to a significant change in the nature or scale of the Company’s 
activities; 
 
(b) 
a material mineral discovery; 
 
(c) 
a material acquisition or disposal; 
 
(d) 
the granting or withdrawal of a material licence; 
 
(e) 
becoming a plaintiff or defendant in a material law suit; 
 
(f) 
the fact that the Company’s earnings will be materially different from market expectations; 
 
(g) 
the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or receiver; 
 
(h) 
the commission of an event of default under, or other event entitling a financier to terminate, a 
material financing facility; 
 
(i) 
under subscriptions or over subscriptions to an issue of securities; 
 
(j) 
giving or receiving a notice of intention to make a takeover; 
 
(k) 
any rating applied by a rating agency to the Company or its securities and any change to such 
a rating; 
 
(l) 
any actual or proposed change to the Company’s capital structure for example, a share issue; or 
 
(m) 
exploration results. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

sec
 
Securities Trading Written Clearance Form 
Rox Resources Limited ACN 107 202 602 (Company) 
 
In accordance with the Securities Trading Policy of the Company, before dealing in any Company 
Securities you are required to obtain written clearance. Terms used in this form are as defined in the 
Securities Trading Policy.  
Please forward this request to the Approving Officers via email to [insert email address], [insert email 
address], [insert email address] and/or [insert email address]. Please refer to the Securities Trading 
Policy to find your relevant Approving Officers.  
Details  
Required field 
Name 
 
Position 
 
Location 
 
Telephone 
 
Email address 
 
 
1. 
Approval to Trade during Prohibited Period (only complete if seeking approval to trade 
during a Prohibited Period) 
I request permission to trade in the following Company Securities, which are held, or proposed to be 
held, by me personally and / or my Connected Persons: 
Securities  
Number of Securities 
Buy/Sell/Exercise and Hold/ Exercise 
and Sell/ Other (if other please 
describe the proposed dealing) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

2. 
Exceptional Circumstances (only complete if seeking approval to trade during a 
Prohibited Period) 
I request permission to trade during a Prohibited Period on the following exceptional circumstances: 
 
 
3. 
Approval to Trade in Company Securities at any time that isn’t a Prohibited Person (only 
complete if seeking approval to trade at any time that isn’t a Prohibited Period) 
I request permission to trade in the following Company Securities, which are held, or proposed to be 
held, by me personally and / or my Connected Persons: 
Securities  
Number of Securities 
Buy/Sell/Exercise and Hold/ Exercise 
and Sell/ Other (if other please 
describe the proposed dealing) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Acknowledgement (to be completed prior to all dealings) 
In submitting this request to deal in the indicated securities in the manner above, I acknowledge that: 
• 
I am not in possession of any price-sensitive information regarding the Company Securities; 
• 
I am not in possession of Inside Information in relation to the Company Securities; 
• 
I will not engage in activity that is prohibited in the Company's Securities Trading Policy, 
including but not limited to short selling of the Company Securities, obtaining margin loans using 
Company Securities (either solely or as part of a portfolio) as security for loans or enter into any 
other secured financing arrangements in respect of Company Securities. 
• 
I may be refused permission to deal in securities without explanation and will keep information 
of the decision to refuse the request confidential;  
• 
I will not deal in the Company Securities until approval is given. 
• 
If approval is given under paragraph 1 of this form, I will be entitled to trade for a period of five 
business days. After this time, approval will lapse and further approval will be required in 
accordance with the Company's Security Trading Policy. 
Signature and date  
 
 
 
 
OFFICE USE ONLY 
To be filled out by the Approving Officers 
Detail 
Required Field 
Authorised to deal (Y / N) 
 
Date 
 
Name of First Approving Officer  
 
Signature  
 
Name of Second Approving Officer  
 
Signature  
 
 
 
For personal use only
