St Barbara Limited  ACN 009 165 066 
Level 19, 58 Mounts Bay Road, Perth  WA  6000 
ASX: SBM 
PO Box 1161, West Perth, WA  6872 
 
T +61 8 9476 5555  www.stbarbara.com.au 
 
 
5 June 2026 
Revised Securities Dealing Policy 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, St Barbara Limited (“St Barbara” or the “Company”) (ASX:SBM) advises that it has 
amended its Securities Dealing Policy with effect from 1 June 2026. Please note this version replaces the version released on 3 June 
2026 which contained errors in section 4.3  
A copy of the updated policy is attached and is also available on the corporate governance section of SBM’s website at 
https://stbarbara.com.au/our-company/governance/. 
 
 
 
  
 
Authorised by 
Board of Directors 
For more information  
Investor Relations  
  
 
Media Relations  
David Cotterell  
General Manager Business Development & Investor Relations   
info@stbarbara.com.au  
T: +61 3 8660 1959     M: +61 447 644 648  
  
 
Paul Ryan / Russell Quinn 
Sodali & Co 
M: +61 409 296 511 / +61 403 322 097 
 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy  
Page 1 of 13 
 
St Barbara Group Policy 
St Barbara Limited ACN 009 165 066 
Uncontrolled copy when printed 
Securities Dealing Policy 
Effective Date: 1 June 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our aim is to achieve the highest possible standards of corporate conduct and governance 
and act in compliance with the law at all times.  
Our commitment 
We are committed to ensuring that St Barbara Personnel and Connected Persons1 comply with insider trading laws.  
Our approach 
We will implement procedures to minimise the risk of, or appearance of, insider trading and minimise the risk of damage 
to St Barbara’s reputation or market confidence in St Barbara’s securities.  
Our principles 
St Barbara Personnel are encouraged to be long-term holders of St Barbara securities. However, it is important to ensure 
that care is taken in the timing of any acquisition or disposal of such securities.  
We will:  
1. Take steps to ensure that St Barbara Personnel and their Connected Persons comply with the insider trading 
provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) at all times.  
2. Regulate when and how St Barbara Personnel and their Connected Persons may deal in St Barbara securities to 
minimise the risk, or appearance of, insider trading, including by: 
a. implementing Blackout Periods during which all St Barbara Personnel and their Connected Persons are 
prohibited from dealing in St Barbara securities; and 
b. imposing additional restrictions on Designated Employees2 and their Connected Persons dealing in St 
Barbara securities. 
3. Impose restrictions to ensure that dealings in securities by St Barbara Personnel and their Connected Persons do 
not undermine market confidence in St Barbara’s securities.  
4. Impose other fit for purpose procedures relating to dealing in St Barbara securities and the securities of other 
companies to provide protection to St Barbara Personnel and their Connected Persons against the risk of 
contravening insider trading laws. 
All St Barbara Personnel who have access to Inside Information about the St Barbara Group or another company 
engaging with St Barbara Group, will not: 
1. Engage in insider trading. 
2. Misuse Inside Information. 
3. Disclose Inside Information to any other person (whether directly or indirectly), if the St Barbara Personnel knows 
or ought to reasonably know that the other person may use the Inside Information to deal (or advise, procure or 
encourage someone else to deal) in securities. 
The detailed requirements of this Policy are set out in the Appendix.  
Responsibilities and accountabilities 
This is a Policy of St Barbara Limited (“St Barbara”) and its controlled entities (collectively, “St Barbara Group”).  It applies 
to all directors, officers, employees, contractors, consultants and suppliers of each member of the St Barbara Group and 
to any other person or organisation acting for or on behalf of the St Barbara Group (“Personnel”).  
This Policy will be freely available at all times, reviewed by the Board at least biennially and updated as required.  The 
Company Secretary is responsible for ensuring that this Policy is implemented. 
 
1 ‘Connected Persons’ has the meaning given in the Appendix.  
2 ‘Designated Employees’ has the meaning given in the Appendix.  
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy  
Page 2 of 13 
 
St Barbara Group Policy 
St Barbara Limited ACN 009 165 066 
Uncontrolled copy when printed 
 
Policy governance 
Policy approver: 
Board  
Policy owner: 
 
General Counsel and Company Secretary  
Review cycle: 
 
Biennial 
 
Material policy revisions 
Version 
Approval Date 
Effective Date 
Details 
 
 
 
 
7.0 
18/04/2024 
18/04/2024 
Periodic review 
8.0 
16/04/2026 
1/06/2026 
Periodic review 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy  
Page 3 of 13 
 
St Barbara Group Policy 
St Barbara Limited ACN 009 165 066 
Uncontrolled copy when printed 
Appendix – Detailed Securities Dealings Policy 
1. Application of this Policy 
1.1. St Barbara Personnel  
This Policy applies to all individuals at all levels who are employed by, act for, or represent St Barbara anywhere in the 
world (St Barbara Personnel). This includes:  
a. directors;  
b. officers; 
c. managers; 
d. employees; 
e. contractors; 
f. 
consultants;  
g. agents; and  
h. any other person representing or acting on behalf of St Barbara. 
This Policy applies to St Barbara Personnel irrespective of their employment status (that is, whether they are employed 
on a full-time, part-time, maximum or fixed term, casual or temporary basis).  
1.2. 
Designated Employees  
Section 5 of this Policy applies to ‘Designated Employees’ only. 
Designated Employees means:  
a. directors 
b. Executives 
c. Key Management Personnel, as defined in the Australian Accounting Standard AASB 124: Related Party 
Disclosure3;  
d. General Counsel and Company Secretary;  
e. Senior managers; and  
f. 
Any other person who is designated by the Chair, the Managing Director & CEO or the General Counsel and 
Company Secretary to be a ‘Designated Employee’, by virtue of their position, role, activities or information 
available to them.  
1.3. 
Connected Persons  
This Policy also extends to Dealings in Securities by a St Barbara Personnel’s Connected Persons, being, in respect 
of a St Barbara Personnel: 
a. the St Barbara Personnel’s spouse or partner; 
b. that St Barbara Personnel’s parents or children (including step-children);  
c. a relative of the St Barbara Personnel who has shared a household with them for 12 months or more;  
d. a business partner of the St Barbara Personnel, or any of the Connected Persons listed above;  
e. a company or business entity in which the St Barbara Personnel is a director or other officer, senior executive 
or holds a shareholding of more than 20%;  
f. 
a trustee where the beneficiaries of the trust include the St Barbara Personnel or any of the Connected Persons 
listed above; and  
g. any ‘associate’ or ‘related party’ of the St Barbara Personnel, within the meaning given to those terms in the 
Corporations Act.  
 
3 Under AASB 124.9 'Related Party Disclosures', a KMP is defined as "those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and 
controlling the activities of the entity, directly, indirectly, including any  
director (whether executive or otherwise) of that entity." 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy  
Page 4 of 13 
 
St Barbara Group Policy 
St Barbara Limited ACN 009 165 066 
Uncontrolled copy when printed 
It is the responsibility of all St Barbara Personnel to ensure that their Connected Persons are made aware of the 
restrictions in this Policy that apply to the activities of the Connected Person.   
2. Definitions 
The following definitions apply in this Policy:  
Term 
Definition  
Blackout Period  
Has the meaning given in section 4.1 
Business Day 
A day other than a Saturday, Sunday, a public holiday in Perth, Western Australia or a 
day on which the Australian Stock Exchange is not open for trading.  
Clearance Notice  
Has the meaning given in section 5.1. 
Connected Persons  
Has the meaning given in section 1.3. 
Corporations Act 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).  
Dealing 
For the purposes of this Policy: 
a. buying or selling of Securities, whether on market or off market; 
b. placing a buy or sell order in respect of Securities, even if that order is not 
completed; 
c. entering into an agreement or undertaking to buy or sell Securities at a future 
time; 
d. entering into an arrangement or acting to transfer the beneficial or underlying 
ownership of Securities (including a Securities lending arrangement);  
e. creating or granting a security interest in or over Securities, using Securities as 
collateral or entering into a margin loan in relation to Securities; 
f. 
entering into a contract or other arrangement with the purpose of securing a profit 
or avoiding a loss by reference to price fluctuations in Securities; or 
g. creating, acquiring or disposing of any other right or obligation, present or future, 
conditional or unconditional, to acquire or dispose of Securities. 
Designated Employee  
Has the meaning given in section 1.2. 
Exceptional Circumstances  Has the meaning given in section 6.2. 
Inside Information  
Information in respect of an entity which: 
a. is not generally or publicly available; and  
b. if it were generally or publicly available, may have a material effect on the price 
of Securities of the entity (eg, would be likely to influence a reasonable investor 
in deciding whether to subscribe for, buy or sell those Securities). 
Inside Information about St Barbara would include (but is not limited to): 
a. information regarding a material increase or decrease in St Barbara’s financial 
performance from previous results or forecasts;  
b. a proposed material business or asset acquisition or sale by St Barbara;  
c. material exploration results of St Barbara; 
d. the damage or destruction of a material operation of St Barbara;  
e. proposed material legal proceedings to be initiated by or against St Barbara;  
f. 
regulatory action or investigations undertaken against St Barbara by a 
government authority;  
g. the launch of a material new business by St Barbara; or  
h. a proposal by St Barbara to undertake a new issue of shares or major change in 
financing.  
Inside Information may include information that is only available to a select group of 
institutional investors, undisclosed facts that are the subject of rumours (even if the 
rumours are widely circulated) and information that has been entrusted to St Barbara 
Personnel on a confidential basis until a public announcement of the information has been 
made.  
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy  
Page 5 of 13 
 
St Barbara Group Policy 
St Barbara Limited ACN 009 165 066 
Uncontrolled copy when printed 
Term 
Definition  
Securities  
Any shares in a company (including St Barbara) or any other securities, derivatives, 
financial products or instruments (whether quoted or not) that are convertible into, or 
linked to, such shares. These include debentures, options, awards or rights, bonds and 
other forms of securitised debt.  
Short Selling  
Has the meaning given in section 7.3. 
St Barbara Personnel  
Has the meaning given in section 1.1. 
3. General Prohibition on Insider Trading  
3.1. 
Prohibition  
At all times, St Barbara Personnel who have Inside Information about St Barbara must not Deal in St Barbara’s 
Securities.  
Doing so would be insider trading, which is a criminal offence. A person convicted of insider trading can be imprisoned 
or ordered to pay compensation.  
Broadly speaking, a St Barbara Personnel will be guilty of insider trading if that person possesses Inside Information 
about St Barbara and: 
a. deals in St Barbara Securities (on their own account or on behalf of another person);  
b. procures another person to Deal in St Barbara Securities (this includes encouraging, persuading or causing 
someone else to buy, sell or Deal in St Barbara Securities); or  
c. discloses the Inside Information to another person (whether directly or indirectly), in circumstances where the 
St Barbara Personnel knows or should have known that the other person may use that Inside Information to 
Deal in St Barbara Securities.  
Insider trading is illegal regardless of the person’s motive or whether they make a profit from the activity.  
It is important to note that the prohibition against insider trading applies even: 
a. where a Dealing occurs outside of Blackout Periods referred to in section 4.1 below;  
b. where the Dealing falls within an exclusion to this Policy; or 
c. where a St Barbara Personnel has obtained a Clearance Notice authorising a Dealing.   
3.2. 
Securities of other companies  
The prohibition on insider trading is not limited to St Barbara Securities. In the course of their role with St Barbara, St 
Barbara Personnel may become aware of Inside Information in relation to companies other than St Barbara (eg, because 
of dealings with St Barbara's suppliers or joint venturers or others with which St Barbara is holding confidential business 
discussions). 
If a St Barbara Personnel holds Inside Information about another company, they must not Deal in Securities of that 
company. 
In addition, the Chair, the Managing Director & CEO or the General Counsel and Company Secretary may give written 
notice at any time to any St Barbara Personnel advising them that, by virtue of their position, role, activities or information 
available to them, they are prohibited from Dealing in the Securities of another company for a period of time stated in 
the notice or until further notice. The fact that a such a written notice has been issued is to be treated by that St Barbara 
Personnel as strictly confidential to St Barbara. 
4. Requirements for all St Barbara Personnel  
4.1. 
Prohibition on Dealings during Blackout Periods 
To avoid any inference of unfair or inappropriate behaviour on the part of St Barbara or any St Barbara Personnel, all 
St Barbara Personnel and their Connected Persons are prohibited from Dealing in St Barbara Securities during any 
Blackout Period. 
The Blackout Periods are:  
a. 20 March until the end of the ASX trading session on the Business Day following the public release of St 
Barbara’s March Quarterly Report in April;  
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy  
Page 6 of 13 
 
St Barbara Group Policy 
St Barbara Limited ACN 009 165 066 
Uncontrolled copy when printed 
b. 20 June until the end of the ASX trading session on the Business Day following the public release of St Barbara’s 
preliminary or final full year results in August;  
c. 20 September until the end of the ASX trading session on the Business Day following the public release of St 
Barbara’s September Quarterly Report in October; and  
d. 20 December until the end of the ASX trading session on the Business Day following the public release of St 
Barbara’s half year results in February.  
In addition, the Board or the Managing Director & CEO (as its delegate) may determine in writing to all St Barbara 
Personnel that: 
a. any of the Blackout Periods referred to above may be extended (but not shortened); or 
b. a new Blackout Period should be introduced.  
 
The fact that a Blackout Period has been extended or a new Blackout Period has been imposed, is strictly confidential 
to St Barbara.  
A St Barbara Personnel may be granted an exemption to Deal in St Barbara Securities during a Blackout Period, in 
accordance with section 6.2.  
4.2. 
Dealings outside of Blackout Periods 
Outside of the Blackout Periods, St Barbara Personnel may only Deal in St Barbara Securities if they are not in 
possession of Inside Information.  
A St Barbara Personnel who is not a Designated Employee, is not required to seek any specific or written approval to 
Deal in St Barbara Securities, provided any such Dealing occurs outside of a Blackout Period and is otherwise in 
accordance with this Policy.  
A St Barbara Personnel who is a Designated Employee, must comply with the additional requirements in section 5 of 
this Policy. 
It is noted that the fact that a Dealing occurred outside of a Blackout Period does not preclude a Dealing from breaching 
insider trading laws. A Dealing outside of a Blackout Period is still insider trading if the St Barbara Personnel was in 
possession of Inside Information at the relevant time. 
It is the responsibility of St Barbara Personnel to determine whether or not they are in possession of Inside Information 
and a St Barbara Personnel should seek advice from the General Counsel and Company Secretary before any Dealing 
is undertaken if they are unsure. 
4.3. 
Short Term Dealing  
Short-term speculative trading in St Barbara’s Securities does not promote market confidence in St Barbara. 
Accordingly, St Barbara Personnel must not Deal with the same St Barbara Securities within any 3 month period.  
A St Barbara Personnel may be granted an exemption to Deal in St Barbara Securities within any 3 month period, in 
accordance with section 6.2 of this Policy.  
4.4. 
Employee and Executive Share Schemes  
All Dealings in St Barbara Securities acquired pursuant to any employee share scheme of St Barbara4 must only occur 
in accordance with this Policy and the rules of the relevant scheme, save that the restriction on short term Dealing in 
section 4.3 above does not apply to St Barbara Securities granted to St Barbara Personnel as part of their remuneration 
which have vested in that St Barbara Personnel in accordance with the terms of the relevant scheme.  
4.5. 
Obligation for St Barbara Personnel to manage own arrangements  
It is the responsibility of each St Barbara Personnel to ensure that any arrangement or transaction that they, or any 
Connected Person, enters into complies with all applicable laws and regulations and this Policy.  
For example, any instruction given by a St Barbara Personnel or any Connected Person which could result in a Dealing 
in St Barbara Securities (such as a buy or sell order or a stop loss order) must be expressly cancelled: 
a. prior to the commencement of the next Blackout Period,  
b. immediately upon that St Barbara Personnel becoming aware of Inside Information; or 
 
4 Include the St Barbara Limited Employee Share Plan, St Barbara Limited Performance Rights Plan, St Barbara Limited Non-Executive Director 
Share Plan and St Barbara Limited Short Term Incentive Share Scheme.  
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy  
Page 7 of 13 
 
St Barbara Group Policy 
St Barbara Limited ACN 009 165 066 
Uncontrolled copy when printed 
c. in the case of a Designated Employee or their Connected Persons, prior to the expiry of the relevant period 
specified in the Clearance Notice for the Dealing,  
so as to avoid any inadvertent trading in contravention of this Policy. 
5. Additional Requirements for Designated Employees 
Prior clearance required for Designated Employees and their Connected Persons  
A Designated Employee and their Connected Persons must not Deal in St Barbara Securities (including outside of a 
Blackout Period and whether or not the Dealing is excluded under section 6 below) unless the Designated Employee 
has obtained a written notice authorising them to do so (Clearance Notice).  
To obtain a Clearance Notice, a Designated Employee must submit a request (in the form of the attached Form A) to, 
and obtain the approval of, the persons specified in the table below. 
Role of Designated Employee 
Approvers   
Director of St Barbara  
Both the Chair and the General Counsel and Company Secretary 
Chair of St Barbara 
Both the Chair of the Audit Committee and the Managing Director & CEO 
All other Designated Employees  
Both the Managing Director & CEO and the General Counsel and Company 
Secretary 
A Clearance Notice may be given or refused by the persons listed in the table above, in their absolute discretion, without 
the need to provide reasons. Any Clearance Notice issued under this Policy may be withdrawn if St Barbara becomes 
aware of new information or if there is a change in circumstances.  
If a Designated Employee is issued with a Clearance Notice, the Dealing may only occur within 5 Business Days of the 
date of the Clearance Notice (or such other period as may be specified in the Clearance Notice).  
Immediately following a Designated Person or one of their Connected Persons Dealing in St Barbara Securities (and in 
any event within 3 days of the Dealing taking place), the Designated Employee must give the General Counsel and 
Company Secretary a notice in writing outlining the details of the Dealing (in the form of the attached Form B) and must 
provide such other details and information in relation to the Dealing as the General Counsel and Company Secretary 
may request from time to time.  
It is noted that the fact that a Clearance Notice is issued with respect to a Dealing does not preclude that Dealing from 
breaching insider trading provisions. A Designated Employee must not Deal in St Barbara Securities if they are in 
possession of Inside Information.  
5.1. 
Dealings by Directors 
Any Dealings by Directors of St Barbara or any of their associates (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act) must 
be disclosed to the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) as required by Listing Rule 3.19A of the ASX Listing Rules. 
Directors are requested to provide details of changes in Company Securities they hold (directly or indirectly) to the 
Company Secretary as soon as reasonably possible; to enable the Company to comply with its obligations under the 
ASX Listing Rules, in particular Listing Rule 3.19A (i.e. to report changes in a Director’s holding within five (5) Business 
Days of a change occurring). 
6. Exceptions to this Policy  
6.1. 
General Exceptions 
The following types of Dealings are excluded from the operation of this Policy and may be undertaken by St Barbara 
Personnel and their Connected Persons at any time, without prior written clearance, subject to the general prohibition 
against insider trading in section 3 of this Policy:  
a. transfers of St Barbara Securities between St Barbara Personnel and their respective Connected Persons (or 
among Connected Persons); 
b. transfers of St Barbara Securities already held by a St Barbara Personnel into a superannuation fund or other 
saving scheme in which that St Barbara Personnel or a Connected Person is a beneficiary; 
c. an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only investing in St Barbara 
Securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party who is 
not a Connected Person or a St Barbara Personnel; 
 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy  
Page 8 of 13 
 
St Barbara Group Policy 
St Barbara Limited ACN 009 165 066 
Uncontrolled copy when printed 
d. where a St Barbara Personnel or Connected Person is a trustee, trading in St Barbara Securities by that trust, 
provided neither the St Barbara Personnel nor any Connected Person is a beneficiary of the trust and the 
decision to trade was taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers independently of the St Barbara 
Personnel and their Connected Persons; 
e. undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer, and disposals of St Barbara Securities pursuant 
to a scheme of arrangement; 
f. 
disposals of rights under a pro rata offer; 
g. acquisitions of St Barbara Securities under a pro rata issue (i.e., on exercise of rights), and allowing rights 
acquired under a pro rata issue to lapse;  
h. acquisitions under a security purchase plan offered by St Barbara or a dividend reinvestment plan where the 
person does not commence or amend participation during a prohibited period and the plan does not permit 
withdrawal during a prohibited period;  
i. 
disposals of St Barbara Securities under an equal access buy-back; 
j. 
subject to the St Barbara Personnel or Connected Person having complied with section 7.2 of this Policy, a 
disposal of St Barbara Securities by a secured lender without the permission or authority of the St Barbara 
Personnel or Connected Person at the time that is the result of that lender exercising its rights under a lending 
arrangement; 
k. the exercise (but not the sale of St Barbara Securities following exercise) of an option or vesting of a right under 
an employee incentive scheme; and 
l. 
trading under a non-discretionary trading plan (but which does not include sales under stop/loss orders) for 
which prior written clearance has been provided in accordance with procedures set out in this Policy and where: 
i. 
the St Barbara Personnel or Connected Person (as the case may be) did not enter into the plan or 
amend their participation during a Blackout Period; 
ii. 
the trading plan does not permit the St Barbara Personnel or Connected Person to exercise any 
influence or discretion over how, when, or whether to trade. 
No St Barbara Personnel or Connected Person may cancel their participation in such a trading plan during 
a Blackout Period other than in Exceptional Circumstances with prior clearance under Section 6.2 of this 
Policy. 
6.2. 
Exceptional Circumstances  
In Exceptional Circumstances, a St Barbara Personnel who is not in possession of Inside Information may be permitted 
to sell or otherwise dispose of (but not purchase) St Barbara Securities, or to convert convertible St Barbara Securities 
(including options and rights acquired under an employee share scheme), during a Blackout Period, or within the 12 
month period referred to in section 4.3. 
Exceptional Circumstances include where the St Barbara Personnel:  
a. is in severe financial hardship; or  
b. is required by a court order or some other overriding legal or regulator requirement to sell or dispose of St 
Barbara Securities.  
Whether Exceptional Circumstances exist is determined by the Managing Director & CEO in their sole and absolute 
discretion, without the need to provide reasons.5 All such determinations will be based on the circumstances of each 
case, but as a general rule the proposed sale or disposal of St Barbara Securities must be assessed as the only 
reasonable course of action available. By way of guidance, a general tax liability, a tax liability relating to St Barbara 
Securities received under an employee incentive scheme or an obligation to sell under a collateralisation arrangement 
will not constitute Exceptional Circumstances.  
An approval to Deal in Exceptional Circumstances may be withdrawn if St Barbara becomes aware of new information 
or if there is a change in circumstances.  
 
 
5 If the affected St Barbara Personnel is the Managing Director / CEO, whether Exceptional Circumstances exist will be determined by the Board in 
its sole and absolute discretion.  
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy  
Page 9 of 13 
 
St Barbara Group Policy 
St Barbara Limited ACN 009 165 066 
Uncontrolled copy when printed 
7. Derivatives, Hedging and Collateralisation of St Barbara Securities  
7.1. 
Derivative Products and Hedging  
The use of derivative products such as caps, collars, warrants, options and hedging in relation to St Barbara Securities 
can circumvent the intent of this Policy, mislead the public concerning the underlying holdings of St Barbara Securities 
by St Barbara Personnel, and undermine public confidence in St Barbara’s approach to Dealings by its directors, 
executives and employees. 
As a consequence, the use by any St Barbara Personnel of any derivative product or hedging in relation to St Barbara 
Securities designed to limit the economic risk of that St Barbara Personnel is prohibited.6 
Designated Employees may also be subject to a statutory prohibition in section 206J of the Corporations Act, which 
prohibits a member of key management personnel of St Barbara and their closely related parties from entering into an 
arrangement which would have the effect of limiting exposure of the member to risk relating to an element of the 
member's remuneration that: 
a. has not vested in the member; or  
b. has vested in the member but remains subject to a holding lock. 
7.2. 
Collateralisation and Margin Loans  
Any St Barbara Personnel who proposes to use their St Barbara Securities as collateral or enter into a margin loan in 
relation to their St Barbara Securities, must provide a copy of this Policy to the lender before providing the St Barbara 
Securities as collateral or entering into the margin loan.  
In addition, a Designated Employee is not permitted to use their St Barbara Securities as collateral or to enter into a 
margin loan or similar arrangement in relation to them, without: 
a. obtaining confirmation from the lender or holder of the collateral that the St Barbara Securities will not be sold 
or disposed of by it in contravention of the Designated Employee’s obligations under this Policy; and 
b. seeking and obtaining, in writing, formal clearance in accordance with section 0 prior to entering into that 
collateralisation, margin loan or arrangement. 
7.3. 
Short Selling  
Short Selling is where a person borrows a security and sells it in the hope that they will be able to buy the security back 
at a lower price in the future and close out their short position at a profit.  Engaging in Short Selling sends a negative 
message to the market about the level of confidence that a person has in the prospects of the entity.  Short Selling may 
also mislead the public about the underlying holdings of St Barbara Securities by St Barbara Personnel and undermine 
public confidence in St Barbara’s approach to Dealings in Securities by its directors, executives and employees. 
As a consequence, Short Selling by any St Barbara Personnel in relation to St Barbara Securities is prohibited. 
8. Register of Dealings  
The General Counsel and Company Secretary will maintain a register and copy of: 
a. all requests for approval to Deal in St Barbara Securities submitted by Designated Employees; 
b. all Clearance Notices, including the number of days within which any Dealing should occur; 
c. details of all Dealings in St Barbara Securities made by any Designated Employee; and  
d. details of all approvals for St Barbara Personnel to Deal in St Barbara Securities in Exceptional Circumstances. 
9. Consequences of Breach 
Any suggestion that a person connected with St Barbara has breached the insider trading prohibition could have a 
significant impact on their personal reputation (and the reputation of their Connected Persons), and on St Barbara's 
standing with investors.  The purpose of this Policy is not only to minimise the risk of insider trading but also to avoid 
the appearance of insider trading and the significant reputational damage it may cause. 
A breach of this Policy by any St Barbara Personnel or Connected Person will be regarded by St Barbara as serious 
misconduct and any such breach will be investigated and may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal 
for an employee, or termination of contract for a contractor or agent.   
 
6 This prohibition does not extend to exchange traded options in St Barbara Securities which are acquired, disposed of and reported, provided that 
the effect of those exchange traded options does not limit or reduce the economic risk of that St Barbara Personnel. 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy  
Page 10 of 13 
 
St Barbara Group Policy 
St Barbara Limited ACN 009 165 066 
Uncontrolled copy when printed 
St Barbara may also refer any suspected or actual breaches of this Policy to regulatory and law enforcement authorities. 
10. Further Guidance  
If a St Barbara Personnel is in any doubt regarding a proposed Dealing in St Barbara Securities, or those of another 
entity, or the impact of this Policy generally, they should contact the General Counsel and Company Secretary. 
The General Counsel and Company Secretary shall be responsible for assessing and monitoring compliance with this 
Policy and reporting to the Managing Director & CEO and the Board, as required, in relation to it. 
The General Counsel and Company Secretary shall also be the company officer responsible for the communication of 
this Policy to employees and the implementation of an awareness program among employees in relation to it.  
 
 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy  
Page 11 of 13 
 
St Barbara Group Policy 
St Barbara Limited ACN 009 165 066 
Uncontrolled copy when printed 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
Form A – Request to Deal in St Barbara Securities 
 
As required by clause 5.1 of the Securities Dealing Policy, I, ……………………….…………………………………………  
hereby request clearance to deal in the following St Barbara Securities: 
 
CLASS OF ST BARBARA SECURITIES  Ordinary shares 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 Other …………… 
 
NUMBER OF SECURITIES 
 
………………………………………… 
 
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF 
………………………………………………………………………………………… 
 
 
 
 
 
(Insert full name. If not you, please state the person's connection to you.) 
 
NATURE OF INTEREST  
 
………………………………………………………………………………………… 
 
 
 
 
 
(Insert specific details, for example personally, joint holding or as trustee.) 
 
NATURE OF TRANSACTION  ..………………………………………………………………………………………………… 
 
 
 
 
 
(Insert specific details, for example sale of shares.) 
 
EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES  
………………………………………………………………………………………… 
(If applicable insert specific details about the reason for needing to deal in St 
Barbara Securities during a prohibited period.) 
 
I confirm that I do not possess any unpublished price-sensitive Inside Information in relation to St Barbara Securities. If 
this changes before the deal is transacted, I undertake not to proceed. 
 
I also undertake to notify you in writing, in accordance with Part B of this form, within 3 days after the transaction takes 
place. 
 
Signed ……………………………………………………………………………Date …………………………………………… 
 
CLEARANCE NOTICE 
 
I acknowledge: 
1. 
the confirmations given above by the Designated Employee; and 
2. 
that the proposed trade described above does not fall within a Black Out Period. 
 
This clearance notice expires at 5:00pm Sydney time on …………………..…...., being five (5) Business Days following 
this acknowledgment. 
 
Name………………………………....................Signed ………………………………………………Date …………..……….. 
 
Name………………………………....................Signed ………………………………………………Date …………..……….. 
 
This signed and completed form must be sent to the General Counsel and Company Secretary of St Barbara 
Limited: 
 
By post: 
The Company Secretary 
St Barbara Limited 
Level 19, 58 Mounts Bay Road 
Perth  WA   6000 
 
By email: 
Company.Secretary@stbarbara.com.au 
 
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy  
Page 12 of 13 
 
St Barbara Group Policy 
St Barbara Limited ACN 009 165 066 
Uncontrolled copy when printed 
Securities Dealing Policy 
Form A – Request to Deal in St Barbara Securities 
 
Request to Deal in St Barbara Securities Compliance Worksheet 
 
This Worksheet is designed to assist individuals in deciding whether to request a Request to Deal in St Barbara 
securities pursuant to the Securities Dealing Policy. 
Under insider trading laws, “inside information” is information that is not generally available and if the information were 
generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of the relevant 
St Barbara securities (including shares, derivatives or debt, s1042A of the Corporations Act). 
Note that the concept of materiality for continuous disclosure purposes is different to materiality for the insider trading 
purposes.  For insider trading laws, a reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a “material effect” 
on the price or value of the relevant St Barbara securities if the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons 
who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of those securities (s1042D of the 
Corporations Act).   
If there is a “yes” answer to any of the questions below then you should not request a Request to Deal in St Barbara 
securities pursuant to the Securities Dealing Policy unless you seek legal advice first. 
 
Question 
Yes/No 
(applicant) 
Are you aware of any of the following types of material information which is not publicly available: 
 
(a) 
information regarding a material increase or decrease in St Barbara’s financial performance from previous 
results or forecasts 
 
(b) 
a proposed material business or asset acquisition, sale/divestment or joint venture 
 
(c) 
material exploration results 
 
(d) 
the damage or destruction of a material operation of the company 
 
(e) 
proposed material legal proceedings to be initiated by or against any member of the St Barbara Group of 
companies 
 
(f) 
regulatory action or investigations undertaken by a government authority  
 
(g) 
the launch of a material new business 
 
(h) 
a proposal to undertake a new issue of shares or major change in financing 
 
(i) 
Are you on an insider register for any projects? 
If so, are you satisfied that the current project information does not qualify as ‘inside information’? 
 
 
Please note this checklist is not exhaustive and you should consider what other information might be 
considered material.  Individuals are personally responsible for ensuring that they comply with all applicable insider 
trading laws even if approval is granted pursuant to the Securities Dealing Policy.   
For personal use only

Securities Dealing Policy  
Page 13 of 13 
 
St Barbara Group Policy 
St Barbara Limited ACN 009 165 066 
Uncontrolled copy when printed 
Securities Dealing Policy 
Form B – Notice of Dealing in St Barbara Securities 
 
This form must be submitted within 3 days after the transaction takes place 
 
In fulfilment of my obligations under the Securities Trading Policy, I ……………………………………….....……………...  
hereby give notice of the following dealing in St Barbara Securities: 
  
CLASS OF ST BARBARA SECURITIES  Ordinary shares 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 Other …………… 
 
NUMBER OF SECURITIES 
 
………………………………………… 
 
REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF 
………………………………………………………………………………………… 
 
 
 
 
 
(Insert full name. If not you, please state the person's connection to you.) 
 
NATURE OF INTEREST  
 
………………………………………………………………………………………… 
 
 
 
 
 
(Insert specific details, for example personally, joint holding or as trustee.) 
 
NATURE OF TRANSACTION   
………………………………………………………………………………………… 
 
 
 
 
 
(Insert specific details, for example sale of shares.) 
 
DATE OF TRANSACTION 
 
 
 
………. / ………. / ………. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(insert date shares were traded) 
 
PRICE OR OTHER CONSIDERATION (per share) 
$__________.______ 
 
Signed …………………………………………….………………………..……………. Date ………………………………… 
 
This signed and completed form must be sent to the General Counsel and Company Secretary, St Barbara 
Limited: 
 
By post: 
The Company Secretary 
St Barbara Limited 
Level 19, 58 Mounts Bay Road 
Perth  WA  6000 
 
By email: 
Company.Secretary@stbarbara.com.au  
 
For personal use only
