 
 
Steadfast Group Limited 
ABN: 98 073 659 677 
Level 4, 99 Bathurst Street, Sydney NSW 2000  
PO Box A980, South Sydney NSW 1235  
T +61 (02) 9495 6500   W steadfast.com.au 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 August 2025 
 
 
Market Announcements Office 
ASX Limited 
Exchange Centre 
20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY NSW 2000 
 
 
 
Dear Sir 
 
Revised Securities Trading Policy 
 
Please find attached the revised Securities Trading Policy lodged with the ASX in 
accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10.   
 
A copy  of the Securities Trading Policy will be made available on the investor website. 
 
This announcement is approved by the Steadfast Disclosure Committee.  
 
All queries in relation to this announcement should be directed to the undersigned. 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
 
 
 
 
Alexandra Rose 
Company Secretary   
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
August 2025 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy | 1
 
Contents 
1. 
PURPOSE 
2 
1.1 
Scope 
2 
1.2 
Who does this policy apply to? 
2 
1.3 
Further advice 
2 
2. 
INSIDER TRADING PROHIBITIONS IN THE CORPORATIONS ACT 
2 
2.1 
Insider trading prohibited 
2 
2.2 
What are the insider trading prohibitions? 
2 
2.3 
What is Inside Information? 
3 
2.4 
When is information generally available? 
3 
3. 
NO DEALING IN PROHIBITED PERIODS 
4 
3.1 
Trading windows and prohibited periods 
4 
3.2 
Prior notification 
4 
3.3 
Clearance 
5 
3.4 
Notification of dealing 
5 
3.5 
Associates 
6 
3.6 
Records 
6 
4. 
EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES 
6 
5. 
PERMITTED DEALINGS 
6 
6. 
FURTHER RESTRICTIONS 
7 
6.1 
No Margin lending 
7 
6.2 
No short term trading 
7 
6.3 
No hedging 
8 
6.4 
Meaning of financial products 
8 
7. 
BREACH OF THIS POLICY 
8 
8. 
REVIEW AND PUBLICATION OF THIS POLICY 
8 
9. 
DEFINITIONS 
8 
 
 
For personal use only

 Securities Trading Policy | 2
 
1. 
PURPOSE 
1.1 
Scope 
This policy summarises the law relating to insider trading and sets out Steadfast’s policy 
on dealing in securities of Steadfast including shares, options, derivatives and any other 
financial products of Steadfast that are able to be traded on a financial market 
(“Steadfast’s Securities”). 
The purpose of this policy is to protect Steadfast and its people against breaches of 
insider trading laws and reputational repercussions arising from insider trading. 
For those parts of Steadfast that are impacted by laws, regulatory requirements or 
contractual obligations that conflict with this policy, the more stringent standard applies.  
1.2 
Who does this policy apply to? 
This policy applies as follows: 
 
part 2 (insider trading laws) and part 9 (breaches of this policy) apply to all directors, 
employees and contractors of Steadfast, and their Associates; 
 
parts 3 to 6 (trading policy) apply to all directors and other key management personnel 
of Steadfast, and any other person designated by the Managing Director & CEO  from 
time to time (each a “Designated Person”) and in relation to which the Company 
Secretary will maintain a list; and 
 
paragraph 3.5 (Associates) applies our trading policy to the Associates of Designated 
Persons. 
1.3 
Further advice 
If you do not understand any aspect of this policy or are uncertain whether it applies to 
you or your Associates, please contact the Company Secretary, otherwise the Chief 
Legal Officer.  
 
2. 
INSIDER TRADING PROHIBITIONS 
2.1 
Insider trading prohibited 
You must not engage in insider trading in relation to Steadfast’s Securities or securities 
of other companies. This part explains the insider trading prohibitions. 
 
2.2 
What are the insider trading prohibitions? 
If you have Inside Information (as defined in paragraph 2.3 below) relating to Steadfast 
it is illegal for you to: 
a) deal in Steadfast’s Securities, including apply for, acquire or dispose of Steadfast’s 
Securities, or enter into an agreement to do so;  
b) procure another person to deal in Steadfast’s Securities; or  
c) directly or indirectly communicate, or cause to be communicated, that information 
to any other person if you know, or ought reasonably to know, that the person 
would or would be likely to engage in the activities specified in paragraphs a) or b) 
above.  
These prohibitions also apply to the application for, grant, exercise or transfer of an 
option over Steadfast’s Securities, and to the securities of other entities if you possess 
Inside Information about those entities. 
For personal use only

 Securities Trading Policy | 3
 
It does not matter how or in what capacity you become aware of the Inside 
Information.  It does not have to be obtained from Steadfast to constitute Inside 
Information. 
These prohibitions apply to everyone this policy applies to (not just Designated Persons) 
at all times. They override any clearance, exception or other provision of this policy. 
2.3 
What is Inside Information?   
“Inside Information” is information relating to Steadfast which is not generally available 
but, if the information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to 
have a material effect on the price or value of Steadfast’s Securities.  Inside Information 
can include matters of speculation or supposition and matters relating to intentions or 
likely intentions of a person.  
Information is regarded as being likely to have a material effect if it would, or would be 
likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities or other traded financial 
products in deciding whether or not to deal in Steadfast’s Securities.  
Examples of Inside Information could be: 
a) the financial performance of Steadfast against its budget or against forecasts; 
 
b) changes in Steadfast’s actual or anticipated financial condition or business 
performance; 
 
c) changes in the capital structure of Steadfast, including proposals to raise additional 
equity or borrowings; 
 
d) proposed changes in the nature of the business of Steadfast; 
 
e) changes to the Board or significant changes in key management personnel; 
 
f) 
an undisclosed significant change in Steadfast’s market share; 
 
g) likely or actual entry into, or loss of, a material contract; 
 
h) material acquisitions or sales of assets by Steadfast; 
 
i) 
a proposed dividend or other distribution or a change in dividend policy; or 
 
j) 
a material claim against Steadfast or other unexpected liability. 
 
2.4 
When is information generally available? 
Information is generally available if: 
a) it consists of readily observable matter or deductions;  
 
b) it has been brought to the attention of investors through an announcement to ASX 
Limited (“ASX”) or otherwise brought to the attention of investors who commonly 
invest in securities, and a reasonable period has elapsed since it was announced or 
brought to investors’ attention; or 
 
c) it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information 
referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b) above. 
For personal use only

 Securities Trading Policy | 4
 
Examples of possible readily observable matters are: 
a) a change in legislation which will affect Steadfast’s ability to make certain types of 
investments; or 
 
b) a severe downturn in global securities markets. 
3. 
NO DEALING OUTSIDE TRADING WINDOWS  
3.1 
Trading windows  
Subject to not being in possession of Inside Information and the requirements of this 
policy, Designated Persons may only deal in Steadfast’s Securities during the following 
trading windows:  
a) the 30 day period beginning on the business day after Steadfast’s half yearly results 
are announced to ASX;   
 
b) the 30 day period beginning on the business day after Steadfast’s annual results are 
announced to ASX;  
 
c) the 30 day period beginning on the business day after Steadfast’s annual general 
meeting; and 
 
d) any other period designated by the Board at its discretion (eg. following the issue by 
Steadfast of a prospectus or similar disclosure document has been lodged with the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission and is open for acceptances or in 
a period of enhanced disclosure). 
 
Designated Persons will be notified of trading windows by email prior to the opening of 
a trading window. Designated Persons must not assume that a trading window is open 
in the absence of notification, as the Board may vary, suspend or terminate 
(conditionally or unconditionally) trading window arrangements at any time. 
Dealing in Steadfast’s Securities outside of trading windows is prohibited, unless allowed 
in accordance with parts 4 or 5 of this policy.  
3.2 
Prior notification 
If a Designated Person proposes to deal in Steadfast’s Securities (including entering into 
an agreement to deal) at any time they must first provide: 
a) written notice of their intention to the “Notification Officer” as set out in the table 
below, unless another Notification Officer is notified to the Designated Person; and 
 
For the following Designated 
Persons proposing to deal: 
The Notification Officer is: 
• 
Directors and alternate 
directors of Steadfast (other 
than the Chair) 
• 
Company Secretary 
Chair, and if they are unavailable, the 
Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee or 
another non-executive director 
nominated by the Chair of the Audit & 
Risk Committee  
Chair  
Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee or 
another non-executive director 
nominated by the Chair of the Audit & 
Risk Committee 
For personal use only

 Securities Trading Policy | 5
 
For all other Designated Persons 
Managing Director & CEO and the 
Company Secretary, and if they are 
unavailable, the Chair, or if the Chair is 
unavailable, the Chair of the Audit & 
Risk Committee 
 
b) written confirmation that the Designated Person is not in possession of Inside 
Information.  
The Notification Officer may only provide a clearance if the Designated Person provides 
both (a) and (b).  
The Notification Officer may appoint a delegate to act on his or her behalf in the case of 
temporary absence, subject to notification to the Chair and the Company Secretary. 
3.3 
Clearance 
Before dealing in Steadfast’s Securities, the Designated Person must receive clearance 
from the Notification Officer.  
A clearance lasts for 5 business days unless it specifies a different date or is withdrawn 
earlier. When dealing in Steadfast’s Securities on market at the market price, orders can 
be placed until market close on the last day covered by the clearance. Dealings involving 
conditional orders must be placed and executed within the period covered by the 
clearance (e.g., a specified, minimum sell or maximum purchase price or a stop-loss 
instruction).  If the trade is not placed within 5 business days, a new request must be 
made and a new clearance received. 
Decisions regarding clearance are final and binding, and can be made in the Notification 
Officer’s discretion without them giving any reasons. Designated Persons must comply 
with any conditions attaching to a clearance. Any refusal of clearance must be kept 
confidential.  
A clearance confirms that the proposed dealing by the Designated Person is within the 
terms of this trading policy but does not otherwise constitute approval or endorsement 
by Steadfast or the Notification Officer for the proposed dealing.  Even if clearance is 
received, a Designated Person remains personally responsible for assessing whether the 
insider trading prohibitions apply to them. 
3.4 
Notification of dealing 
In addition to providing prior notification and seeking clearance, Designated Persons 
must confirm in writing to the Notification Officer, within 3 business days from when the 
dealing in Steadfast’s Securities has occurred, the number of Steadfast’s Securities 
affected and the relevant parties to the dealing. 
3.5 
Associates 
This policy also applies to Associates of Designated Persons, and Designated Persons 
must take reasonable steps to ensure that their Associates comply with this policy.  A 
Designated Person must communicate on behalf of their Associate with the Designated 
Person’s Notification Officer for the purposes of this policy. 
If a Designated Person is in doubt as to whether a person is an Associate, they should 
contact the Company Secretary who will make a determination on the issue. 
 
3.6 
Records 
Designated Persons must keep for 12 months and make available to the Company 
Secretary on request, a record of all dealings in Steadfast’s Securities by themselves and 
For personal use only

 Securities Trading Policy | 6
 
their Associates, in the form of a record of every trade, including any supporting 
materials.  
 
4. 
EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES   
A Designated Person may request, and the Notification Officer may give, prior 
confirmation for the Designated Person or their Associate to:  
a) deal in Steadfast’s Securities outside a trading window; or  
b) dispose of Steadfast’s Securities even if otherwise prohibited under part 6, 
if there are exceptional circumstances (except if this would breach the insider trading 
prohibitions - see part 2 above). 
Exceptional circumstances may include: 
a) severe financial hardship, for example, a pressing financial commitment that cannot 
be satisfied otherwise than by selling Steadfast’s Securities; 
b) requirements under a court order or court enforceable undertakings or other legal 
or regulatory requirements; or 
c) other exceptional circumstances as determined by the Chair (or Chair of the Audit & 
Risk Committee where the Chair is involved). 
If the Notification Officer has any doubt in making a determination of exceptional 
circumstances, they should exercise the discretion with caution and consult with the 
Chair (or Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee where the Chair is involved). 
If the Notification Officer determines that there are exceptional circumstances, the 
requirements of paragraphs 3.2 to 3.4 must be complied with regarding prior 
notification, clearance and notification of dealing (to the extent those requirements have 
not already been complied with).   
 
5. 
PERMITTED DEALINGS  
The following types of dealing are excluded from the operation of part 3 of this policy 
and may be undertaken at any time without requiring prior notification, approval or 
confirmation of dealing, subject to the insider trading prohibitions: 
a) (superannuation) dealings in Steadfast’s Securities between a superannuation fund, 
custodian or other saving scheme in which the Designated Person is a beneficiary 
and the Designated Person or their Associate, provided that any such dealings are 
notified immediately to the Notification Officer;  
 
b) (third parties) investments in, or dealings in units of, a fund or other scheme (other 
than a scheme only investing in Steadfast’s Securities) where the assets of the fund 
or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party and the Designated 
Person or Associate has no ability to exercise any influence or discretion in relation 
to such dealing, provided that any such dealings by a director are notified 
immediately to the Notification Officer and Company Secretary;  
 
c) (schemes and takeovers) disposals, or undertakings to dispose, of Steadfast’s 
Securities arising from a scheme of arrangement or acceptance of a takeover offer; 
 
d) (rights offers, bonus issues and buy-backs) dealings in Steadfast’s Securities under 
an offer or invitation made to all or most of Steadfast’s security holders, such as a 
rights issue, a bonus issue and an equal access buy-back, where the timing and 
structure of the offer has been approved by the Board.  This includes decisions 
For personal use only

 Securities Trading Policy | 7
 
relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements 
required to provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a 
renounceable pro rata issue;  
 
e) (DRPs and SPPs) acquisitions of Steadfast’s Securities under a dividend or 
distribution reinvestment plan or security purchase plan, provided that the 
Designated Person or their Associate did not join or vary their participation in the 
plan while in possession of Inside Information;  
 
f) 
(lender disposals) disposals of Steadfast’s Securities that are the result of a secured 
lender exercising their rights, however, this does not extend to disposals under any 
margin lending agreement where such agreements are prohibited by this policy; 
 
g) (incentive scheme) exercises (but not the sale of Steadfast’s Securities following 
exercise) of an option or right under an employee incentive scheme, or the 
conversion of a convertible security, where the final date for the exercise of the 
option or right, or the conversion of the security, falls outside a trading window and 
it has been an exceptionally long time since the last trading window and the 
Designated Person could not reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a time 
when free to do so;  
 
h) (deceased estates) dealings in Steadfast’s Securities arising from the administration 
of a deceased estate; and  
 
i) 
(off market) off-market transfers of Steadfast Securities, other than those by the 
Board Directors and their Associates, where there is no change in beneficial 
ownership (e.g. transferring between two of your own accounts, such as from your 
employee holding to a personal holding in your name). 
Under the insider trading laws, a person who possesses Inside Information may be 
prohibited from trading even where the trading falls within an exception specified 
above.  
 
6. 
FURTHER RESTRICTIONS  
6.1 
No margin lending 
Designated Persons and their Associates are not permitted to enter into margin lending 
or other secured financing arrangements in relation to Steadfast’s Securities.  This is on 
the grounds that the terms may require Steadfast’s Securities to be sold outside a 
trading window or when the Designated Person possesses Inside Information. 
Designated Persons should consult the Company Secretary if they are uncertain as to 
whether an arrangement falls within this prohibition. 
6.2 
No short term trading 
Steadfast encourages Designated Persons to be long term investors in Steadfast.   
Designated Persons and their Associates must not engage in short term trading in 
Steadfast’s Securities or in financial products associated with Steadfast’s Securities. 
Buying and selling Steadfast’s Securities within a 3 month period is considered short 
term trading. This does not prohibit exercising options or rights under Steadfast 
incentive schemes and subsequently selling Steadfast’s Securities acquired. 
Designated Persons and their Associates are not permitted to engage in short selling or 
stock lending of Steadfast’s Securities.  
For personal use only

 Securities Trading Policy | 8
 
6.2 
No hedging 
Designated Persons (and, in relation to Steadfast’s key management personnel, their 
closely related parties) must not enter into transactions or arrangements with anyone 
which could have the effect of limiting their exposure to risk relating to an element of 
their remuneration that: 
a) has not vested; or  
b) has vested but remains subject to a holding lock. 
  
7. 
BREACH OF THIS POLICY 
 
It is a condition of employment that all Steadfast Staff adhere to the principles and 
standards of conduct outlined in this Policy. Failure to comply may result in disciplinary 
action, including possible dismissal, and exposure to potential civil or criminal liability in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  
 
Potential or actual breaches of this policy must be promptly notified to the Company 
Secretary. Any serious breaches of this policy will be reported to the Board as part of 
the normal reporting process. 
8. 
REVIEW OF THIS POLICY 
The Board will usually review this policy annually. The Board may, in its discretion, 
adjust or exclude a specific requirement of this policy from time to time, either generally 
or on a case by case basis. This policy may be amended, ceased or replaced, by 
resolution of the Board. 
9. 
DEFINITIONS 
Associate of a person includes:  
a) a spouse, de facto partner, domestic partner, or any other dependant under the age 
of 18 (Immediate Family) and any other relative living in the same household 
(unless financially independent from the person);  
b) another family member of the person for whom the person controls or influences 
dealing in securities; and 
c) trusts, companies, nominees, partnerships and other entities that the person, or any 
of the above-mentioned persons, controls or significantly influences;  
Board means the directors of Steadfast Group Ltd;  
Chair means the chair of the Board;  
closely related party has the meaning given in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth);  
deal or dealing in securities includes applying for, buying, acquiring, selling, 
transferring or disposing of securities, entering into an agreement to do so, or procuring 
someone else to do so. It also extends to applying for, granting, exercising or 
transferring options;  
financial products includes derivatives, options, warrants, futures, forward contracts, 
swaps and contracts for difference issued or created over or associated with Steadfast’s 
Securities by third parties;  
Inside Information has the meaning given in paragraph 2.3;  
For personal use only

 Securities Trading Policy | 9
 
Steadfast means Steadfast Group Ltd, its subsidiaries and any other entity notified that 
this policy applies to it;  
Steadfast’s Securities has the meaning given in paragraph 1.1; and 
trading window means the periods described in paragraph 3.1. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 Securities Trading Policy | 10
 
Document Control 
Fact Sheet 
Details  
Document Name  
Securities Trading Policy 
Approver  
Steadfast Board of Directors 
Attributes  
Applicable Companies / Entities  
Steadfast Group, the Board and Subsidiaries 
Maintenance Details  
Last Review Date  
May 2024 
Contributor/s 
Reviewer/s 
Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary 
Next Review Date  
May 2026 
Board Approval Required (Yes/No) 
Yes 
Board Approval Received (Yes/No) 
Yes 
Date  
August 2025  
 
Version History 
Date 
Version 
Description 
Author 
August 
2025 
1.1 
Annual review. Ownership of Policy 
transferred from Chief Legal Officer 
to Company Secretary. Deputy 
Chair replaced with Chair of Audit 
& Risk Committee. Changes 
including Definitions, clearance 
process and formatting. Document 
Control inserted. 
Chief Legal Officer 
and Company 
Secretary 
 
 
 
For personal use only
