 
 
 
Seven Group Holdings Limited | ABN 46 142 003 469 
Level 30, 175 Liverpool Street, Sydney NSW 2000 | Postal Address: PO Box 745, Darlinghurst NSW 1300 
Telephone +61 2 8777 7574 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25 August 2021 
 
Company Announcements Office 
Australian Securities Exchange Limited 
20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY  NSW  2000 
 
 
UPDATED SHARE TRADING POLICY 
 
Seven Group Holdings Limited (ASX: SVW) attaches the Company’s updated Share Trading 
Policy. 
 
A copy of the Share Trading Policy is available on the Company’s website 
www.sevengroup.com.au  
 
 
This release has been authorised to be given to ASX by the Board of Seven Group Holdings 
Limited. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Seven Group Holdings Limited is a leading Australian diversified operating and investment group with market 
leading businesses and investments in industrial services, media and energy. In industrial services, WesTrac Group 
is the sole authorised Caterpillar dealer in Western Australia, New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory. 
WesTrac is one of Caterpillar's top dealers globally (by sales value). SGH owns Coates, Australia’s largest nationwide 
industrial and general equipment hire business. SGH also has a 69.9% shareholding in Boral, an international building 
products and construction materials group. In energy, SGH has a 30.0% shareholding in Beach Energy and has 
interests in oil and gas projects in Australia and the United States. In media, SGH has a 40.2% shareholding in Seven 
West Media, one of Australia’s largest multiple platform media companies, including the Seven Network, 7plus and 
The West Australian. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
1 
SGH Share Trading Policy 
1. Purpose 
 
It is essential that all Non-Executive Directors, Officers and employees of Seven Group Holdings 
Limited (“SGH”) and any of SGH’s subsidiaries, as well as any associates of those individuals, 
understand and comply with the legal restrictions on dealing in SGH securities while in possession 
of unpublished price sensitive information. Accordingly, the purpose of this policy is to ensure 
understanding of the restrictions in place and provide a framework for acceptable dealing in SGH 
securities. 
 
If any aspect of the policy is unclear, employees should in the first instance seek guidance from the 
SGH Company Secretary. 
 
2. Scope 
 
This policy applies to all Non-Executive Directors, Officers and employees of SGH and SGH’s 
subsidiaries (“SGH Group employee”), in particular Executives and designated employees (who 
often have access to confidential and price-sensitive information), and any associate of such SGH 
Group employee. 
 
For the purposes of this policy: 
• 
Designated employees include: 
o 
Any Non-Executive Director or Officer; 
o 
Any direct report to the SGH Managing Director & CEO; 
o 
Any member of the Executive Leadership Team of a SGH Group subsidiary and 
those within their department who assist them (for example, the Personal Assistant 
of an Executive);  
o 
Any employee of the SGH Corporate Office; and 
o 
Any other employee prescribed by the Company Secretary from time to time. 
• 
Associates includes spouses, partners, family members, family trusts, superannuation 
funds and any other connected person of a SGH Group employee. Associates of designated 
employees must comply with the policy as if they were a designated employee;  
• 
Confidential and price-sensitive information is any information that a reasonable person 
would expect to have a material effect (up or down) on the price or value of SGH securities 
and which is not generally available to the market / public; and 
• 
Deal includes buying and selling, as well as procuring others to buy or sell.  
 
SGH securities referred to in this policy are:  
• 
SGH listed ordinary shares or hybrid securities such as convertible notes; 
• 
Options or other financial products issued over these classes of SGH shares by third parties, 
or associated products;  
• 
Other financial products that operate to limit the economic risk of holding SGH shares. 
 
3. Dealing in SGH Securities 
 
Any proposed dealing in SGH securities by a SGH Group employee must comply with the insider 
trading restrictions on share dealings under the Corporations Act 2001. That is, a SGH Group 
employee cannot deal in SGH securities if they or SGH has confidential and price-sensitive 
information.  
In addition, designated employees are permitted to deal in SGH securities only as follows: 
(a) If the dealing is not prohibited by the Corporations Act; and  
(b) If the dealing takes place during the following “window” periods: 
(i). In the period between 24 hours and 30 working days after the release of SGH’s Half 
Yearly Results announcement to the Australian Securities Exchange (“ASX”); 
(ii). In the period between 24 hours and 30 working days after the release of SGH’s 
Annual Results announcements to the ASX; and 
For personal use only

 
2 
(iii). In the period between 24 hours and 30 working days after the close of the SGHs 
Annual General Meeting. 
 
Dealing in SGH securities for Executives and designated employees can only occur outside the 
above window periods if prior written clearance is obtained from the relevant approver: 
 
Person Seeking Approval 
Approver 
Chairman of the Board  
Lead Independent Director/Chair of the ARC 
Managing Director & CEO 
Chairman of the Board/Lead Independent 
Director/Chair of the ARC 
Directors (other than the Chairman of the Board) 
Chairman of the Board 
Company Secretary 
Managing Director & CEO 
Direct Reports to the Managing Director &CEO 
Managing Director & CEO 
All other designated employees 
SGH Company Secretary 
 
Clearance will be given at the discretion of the approver after consideration of the circumstances, 
and only where the approver is satisfied there is no confidential and price sensitive information which 
is not generally available to the market/public.  
 
During the following ‘blackout periods’ no SGH Group employee may deal in SGH securities, except 
in exceptional circumstances: 
• 
The period commencing on the last day of the financial year and ending 24 hours after the 
release of SGH’s Annual Results announcement to the ASX; 
• 
The period commencing on the last day of the half year and ending 24 hours after the 
release of SGH’s Half Yearly Results announcement to the ASX; and 
• 
Any other period determined by the Board or its delegate to be a blackout period for the 
purposes of this policy. 
 
Exceptional circumstances are circumstances where the approver is satisfied that the proposed 
dealing is the most reasonable course of action available. Exceptional circumstances may include:  
• 
Extreme financial hardship; 
• 
Compulsion by court order; and 
• 
Any other circumstance determined by the Board or its delegate to be exceptional.  
 
A SGH Group employee who wishes to deal in SGH securities during a blackout period must apply 
in writing to the relevant approver as detailed in the above table setting out the circumstances of the 
proposed dealing and the reason a waiver from the terms of this policy is required. Clearance may 
be given in any written form and is effective for two business days after it has been given. For any 
employee who is not classified as a designated employee, they will need to obtain approval from 
the SGH Company Secretary. 
In addition, during the blackout periods, no Executives or designated staff may deal in financial 
products issued or created over or in respect of SGH securities. No exceptional circumstances 
exemption applies to this prohibition. 
 
4. Listed Entities in which SGH has a Substantial Interest 
 
In addition to SGH securities, any securities of listed entities in which SGH has a Substantial Interest 
(including controlled and associated entities) and to which this policy applies, are detailed in 
Appendix 1. 
 
All designated employees and their associates must obtain approval prior to trading in the securities 
of listed entities in which SGH has a Substantial Interest (including controlled and associated 
entities), by applying in writing to the relevant approver as detailed in Section 3. 
 
For personal use only

 
3 
As long as they do not have access to confidential and price-sensitive information, non-designated 
employees and their associates do not require prior approval to trade in the securities of listed 
entities in which SGH has a Substantial Interest. 
 
5. Margin Lending Arrangements 
 
Any dealing in SGH securities by a SGH Group employee pursuant to a margin lending arrangement 
must comply with this policy. Such dealings may include entering into a margin lending arrangement 
in respect of SGH securities, transferring SGH securities into an existing margin loan account and 
selling SGH securities held in a margin loan account. 
 
Any designated employee must obtain clearance in writing from the relevant approver detailed in 
the table in Section 3 for any proposed dealing in SGH securities in connection with a margin lending 
arrangement. A designated employee must not be involved in a decision regarding their own 
application for clearance. 
 
Clearance may be granted subject to any conditions the approver determines appropriate. 
 
6. Notification of Intention to Deal in SGH Securities During a Trading Window 
 
All direct reports to the SGH Managing Director & CEO and employees in the SGH Corporate Office 
must notify the SGH Company Secretary of their intention to deal in securities during a trading 
window, not less than two (2) trading days prior to any proposed dealing. They must also notify the 
SGH Company Secretary of any dealings within two business days of the trade being entered into 
i.e. before the trade has settled. 
 
The SGH Company Secretary must notify the SGH Managing Director & CEO. 
 
7. Employee Share Plans 
 
A SGH Group employee is not required to seek approval or provide notification in connection with 
participation in any SGH Employee Share Plan, which includes: 
• 
Applying for an allocation of securities pursuant to an employee share offer; 
• 
Exercising vested rights or options; and 
• 
Lifting restrictions on restricted shares. 
 
Dealing in shares attained from employee share plans is still subject to this policy. 
 
8. Policy Exemption 
 
Subject to the requirement that a SGH Group employee may not deal in SGH securities if any 
confidential and price-sensitive information is held, this policy does not apply to: 
• 
Passive trades such as the acquisition of SGH securities through a dividend reinvestment 
plan, a share purchase plan available to all retail shareholders, a rights issue, or the sale of 
SGH securities arising as a result of acceptance of a takeover offer; or 
• 
Dealings where there is no effective change in the beneficial owner (such as a transfer from 
the SGH Group employee to a family trust or to a self-managed superannuation fund of 
which the SGH Group employee is a beneficiary); or 
• 
A disposal of SGH securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights 
under a margin lending arrangement, where this policy has been complied with in relation 
to the margin lending arrangement. 
 
9. Breach of Policy 
 
A breach of this policy, including a breach by an associate, will be regarded as serious misconduct 
and SGH reserves the right to take disciplinary action including immediate dismissal or termination 
of employment. 
 
For personal use only

 
4 
 
Appendix 1 
 
 
Listed Entities in which SGH has a Substantial Interest to which this Policy Applies  
 
 
Listed Entity 
ASX Code 
Beach Energy Limited  
BPT 
Boral Limited 
BLD 
Seven West Media Limited 
SWM 
 
For personal use only
