 
Sydney Office 
Level 17, Governor Macquarie Tower 1 Farrer Place Sydney |  
NSW 2000  
PO Box Q166 QVB Post Shop  |  NSW 1230 
T +61 (0)2 9268 2000   |  F +61 (0)2 8916 8360 
 
Registered Office  
57 Yanco Avenue Leeton  |  NSW 2705  
Locked Bag 2 Leeton |  NSW 2705  
T +61 (0)2 6953 0411  |  F +61 (0)2 8916 8350 
www.sunrice.com.au 
 
Ricegrowers Limited 
ABN 55 007 481 156 
trading as SunRice  
 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
 
3 June 2021  
 
 
Ricegrowers Limited – Revised Share Trading Policy 
 
 
The Board of Ricegrowers Limited approved amendments to the SunRice Share Trading Policy on 
27 May 2021. 
 
Attached is a copy of the amended Share Trading Policy, lodged with the ASX in accordance with 
Listing Rule 12.10.  
 
 
Authorised by Kate Cooper, Group General Counsel and Company Secretary, SunRice Group.    
 
 
Investor Inquiries: 
 
 
 
 
 
Media Inquiries: 
Peter Magee  
 
 
 
 
 
Julian Luke 
Head of Corporate Development 
 
 
 
Head of Corporate Affairs, SunRice 
0425 808 800 / pmagee@sunrice.com.au   
 
0414 548 504 / jluke@sunrice.com.au  
 
 
About SunRice’s structure  
The structure of Ricegrowers Limited (SunRice) contains non-standard elements including its dual class share structure 
comprising A Class Shares and B Class Shares.  
A Class Shares confer on their holders the right to vote at general meetings but no right to dividends. A Class Shares are 
not quoted on ASX and may only be held by Active Growers. The right to vote is based on one member, one vote and no 
person may hold more than 5 A Class Shares. In practical terms the voting rights held by A Class Shareholders give those 
shareholders the right to control the election of directors and any changes to SunRice’s constitution.  
B Class Shares are quoted on ASX and confer on their holders the right to receive dividends, as determined by the directors 
from time to time. Holders of B Class Shares do not have the right to vote at general meetings of SunRice and may only 
vote on proposals involving a variation to their class rights or if required for the purposes of the ASX Listing Rules. This 
means B Class Shareholders have no right to vote on the election of directors of SunRice. No person may hold more than 
10% of the total number of B Class Shares on issue.  
 
For more details of the non-standard elements of SunRice’s structure see https://corporate.sunrice.com.au/investors/  
For personal use only

 
May 2021 
This policy may be amended at the discretion of the SunRice Group.  
1 
Share Trading Policy 
 
May 2021  
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

  
 
 
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
May 2021 
This policy may be amended at the discretion of the SunRice Group.  
2 
Executive Summary 
This document sets out the security trading policy (Policy) that applies to Ricegrowers Limited (“the 
Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the Group). 
Some aspects of this Policy apply to all Group employees (Employees) and directors (Directors), while 
other aspects only apply to the following persons (each a Designated Person and together, Designated 
Personnel): 
• 
Directors; 
• 
Employees who are members of the Corporate Management Team of the Company (Senior 
Executives); and 
• 
in certain circumstances, other Employees who have been identified by the Chairman of the 
Company (Chairman) or the Company Secretary of the Company (Company Secretary) as having, 
or potentially having, information that is or may become inside information. 
Designated Personnel must also take steps in relation to trades by their Connected Persons (as defined in 
section 3.8). 
For the purpose of this Policy, Securities may include shares, options, derivatives, managed investment 
products, and any other securities of the Company that are able to be traded on a financial market. 
A. 
Ricegrowers Limited 
The B Class Shares of the Company are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX). This means 
that the Company must comply with both the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Act) and the rules governing the 
listing of securities on the ASX (Listing Rules). 
B. 
Australian Law 
The Listing Rules and the Act contain several provisions which require listed bodies to make immediate 
disclosure of material price sensitive information to the market via the ASX. The ASX is responsible for 
maintaining and enforcing compliance with its Listing Rules. Compliance with the Listing Rules is a 
requirement for admission to the official list and for continued listing. The Listing Rules are contractually 
binding and may also be enforced under the Act. 
C. 
Trading Policy 
Listing Rule 12.9 requires the Company to have a trading policy that regulates trading in its Securities by its 
Designated Personnel during a prohibited period and to give a copy of that trading policy to ASX for release 
to the market. The trading policy must comply with the requirements of Listing Rule 12.12. Under Listing 
Rule 12.12, the trading policy must include, at a minimum, the Company’s closed periods, the restrictions on 
trading that apply to the Company’s Designated Personnel, any trading that is not subject to the trading 
policy, any exceptional circumstances in which the Company’s Designated Personnel may be permitted to 
trade during a prohibited period with prior written clearance and the procedures for obtaining such prior 
written clearance. 
D. 
Directors to Notify ASX of Interests 
Listing Rule 3.19A.2A requires the Company to notify ASX, within 5 business days, of any changes to a 
notifiable interest of a Director of the Company, including whether the change occurred during a closed 
period where prior written clearance was required and, if so, whether prior written clearance was provided. 
For personal use only

  
 
 
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
May 2021 
This policy may be amended at the discretion of the SunRice Group.  
3 
E. 
Review of Policy 
The Policy will be reviewed on a regular basis by the Disclosure Committee, who may suggest proposed 
amendments to the Policy. It is likely that this Policy will change over time to reflect legislative changes and 
developments of best practice. 
 
1 
Purpose 
The Company recognises the importance of preventing insider trading and ensuring market confidence in 
trading of the Company’s Securities. 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
• 
reinforce the Company’s commitment to the restrictions on Securities trading imposed by law and to 
describe the process implemented by it to ensure compliance; 
• 
ensure that all Employees and Directors are aware of the legal restrictions on trading whilst in 
possession of inside information; 
• 
ensure that all Employees and Directors comply with the Act and Listing Rules, and ensure they are 
aware of the consequences of breaching the restrictions on securities trading; 
• 
provide guidance to all Employees and Directors on the type of information that would be considered 
inside information; 
• 
provide guidance to the Directors on when to disclose any interest to the ASX; and 
• 
preserve confidence in the ASX market on which the Company’s Securities are quoted. 
 
2 
Prohibition on Insider Trading 
2.1 
General 
The insider trading provisions of the Act prohibit a person possessing inside information about the Group (i.e. 
information that is not generally available to the public) from:  
• 
acquiring or disposing of a Security or entering in an agreement to acquire or dispose of Securities, 
or exercising options over Securities (referred to as "trading" in Securities); 
• 
procuring someone else to trade in Securities; or  
• 
either directly or indirectly providing that information to another person where they know or ought 
reasonably to know that the person is likely to trade in Securities or procure someone else to.  
If you have any questions about whether a proposed trading or other action in relation to your Securities is 
permitted, please contact the Company Secretary. Note that the insider trading laws apply to trading in 
securities of any company if you possess inside information about that company. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
Section 1042A of the Act defines inside information as follows: 
1. 
Inside information means information in relation to which the following are satisfied: 
For personal use only

  
 
 
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
May 2021 
This policy may be amended at the discretion of the SunRice Group.  
4 
(a) 
the information is not generally available; and 
(b) 
if the information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a 
material effect on the price or value of a Security. 
2. 
For the purposes of Section 1042C of the Act, information is considered to be generally available if: 
(a) 
it consists of readily observable matter; or 
(b) 
both of the following subsections apply: 
(i) 
it has been made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, bring it to the 
attention of persons who commonly invest in Securities of a kind whose price might 
be affected by the information; and 
(ii) 
since it was made known, a reasonable period for it to be disseminated among such 
persons has elapsed; or 
(c) 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from either or both of the 
following: 
(i) 
information referred to in paragraph 2(a); 
(ii) 
information made known as mentioned in paragraph 2(b)(i). 
Under Section 1042D of the Act, a reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a 
material effect on the price or value of a particular Security if the information would, or would be likely to, 
influence persons who commonly acquire the Security in deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of the 
Security. 
 
3 
The Group’s Policies 
3.1 
Insider Trading Restrictions on All Employees and Directors 
All Employees and Directors are prohibited from trading in the Company’s Securities while in the possession 
of inside information concerning the Group, or if the Company has notified them that they must not trade its 
Securities. Trading includes applying for, acquiring or disposing of the Company’s Securities. 
In addition, while in possession of inside information the Employees and Directors must not advise others to 
trade in the Company’s Securities, or communicate information to another person knowing that the person 
may use the information to trade in, or procure someone else to trade in, the Company’s Securities. 
3.2 
The Front Page Test 
It is important that public confidence in the Group is maintained. It would be damaging to the Group’s 
reputation if the market or the general public perceived that Employees or Directors might be taking 
advantage of their position in the Group to make financial gains (by trading Securities on the basis of inside 
information).  
As a guiding principle, Employees and Directors should ask themselves: 
For personal use only

  
 
 
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
May 2021 
This policy may be amended at the discretion of the SunRice Group.  
5 
If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to be taking advantage of my 
position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the transaction were reported on the front page of the 
newspaper? (The Front Page Test) 
If an Employee or Director is unsure about this test, they should consult the Company Secretary. 
Where any approval is required for a trade under this Policy, approval will not be granted where the trade 
would not satisfy the Front Page Test. 
3.3 
Blackout Periods for All Employees and Directors 
All Employees and Directors must not trade (e.g. buy or sell) the Company’s Securities during any of the 
following blackout periods: 
1. 
the period from the close of trading on the ASX on 30 April each year, or if that date is not a trading 
day, the last trading day before that day, until the trading day following the announcement to ASX of 
the Group’s annual results; 
2. 
the period from the close of trading on the ASX on 31 October each year, or if that date is not a 
trading day, the last trading day before that day, until the trading day following the announcement to 
ASX of the Group’s half yearly results; and 
3. 
any other period specified by the board of directors of the Company (Board) from time to time. 
3.4 
Restrictions on Short-Term Trading and Short-Selling 
Directors and Employees are expected to adopt a long-term attitude to their investment in the Company’s 
Securities. Consequently, they must not engage in short-term or speculative trading in the Company’s 
Securities. Short-term trading includes buying and selling Securities on market within a 3 month period, and 
entering into other short term dealings (for example, forward contracts). Selling Securities received on 
vesting of entitlements under an employee, executive or director equity plan within 3 months of the vesting 
date is not a short-term trade. 
Employees and Directors must not trade Company’s Securities on a speculative basis, including short-
selling. Short-selling involves buying and selling Securities in the hope that they can be bought back at a 
lower price in the future to close out the short position at a profit. 
3.5 
Further Restrictions on Trading by Designated Personnel 
1. 
Designated Personnel may only trade (e.g. buy and sell) the Company’s Securities during the 
following periods (trading windows), and only if they are not in possession of any inside information 
that has not been disclosed to ASX: 
(a) 
the period of 4 weeks commencing on the next trading day following the release to ASX of 
the Company’s half yearly results; 
(b) 
the period of 4 weeks commencing on the next trading day following the release to ASX of 
the Company’s annual results; 
(c) 
the period 4 weeks commencing on the next trading day following the Company’s Annual 
General Meeting; 
(d) 
the duration of the offer period for an offer of the Company’s Securities made pursuant to a 
prospectus, product disclosure statement, cleansing notice or other form of disclosure 
document issued by the Company; and 
For personal use only

  
 
 
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
May 2021 
This policy may be amended at the discretion of the SunRice Group.  
6 
(e) 
any other period determined by the Board. 
2. 
All other times of the year (to those outlined above), and any blackout periods, are referred to as 
prohibited periods and, subject to the provisions of this Policy, Designated Personnel are not 
permitted to buy or sell the Company’s Securities at any of those times. 
3. 
During the trading windows outlined in paragraph 1 of this section 3.5, the Board may impose an 
embargo upon trading in the Company’s Securities if it considers it appropriate. 
4. 
Before trading, Designated Personnel must comply with the requirements in section 4. 
3.6 
Special Circumstances Exception 
The Company may, in very limited circumstances, provide written approval to an Employee or a Designated 
Person seeking to trade in the Company’s Securities during a blackout period or a prohibited period (as 
applicable to them under sections 3.3 and 3.5). 
A request for approval must be submitted to the Chairman (or in the case of an application from the 
Chairman, to the Chair of the Finance and Audit Committee) in writing and must provide evidence that each 
of the following requirements is satisfied: 
1. 
the person is experiencing severe financial hardship or other exceptional circumstances (special 
circumstances); 
2. 
after investigating all reasonable alternatives, the sale of the Company's Securities is the only 
practical way of addressing the special circumstances; 
3. 
the person does not possess any inside information. 
Rules for granting approval 
A decision on the approval will made at the absolute discretion of the decision maker and will have regard to 
all relevant considerations including legal issues, whether the sale would adversely affect the Company's 
interests or reputation (e.g. under the Front Page Test) and the nature of the special circumstances. The 
decision maker is not obliged to provide reasons for any aspect of their decision, and may revoke their 
approval at any time. If a request is not approved or an approval is revoked, that fact must be kept 
confidential. 
Following receipt of approval to trade, the trade must occur within 5 business days following approval (or 
such other time specified in the approval), otherwise the approval is no longer effective and fresh approval 
must be sought. Approval under this Policy is not an endorsement of the trade. Employees and Directors are 
responsible for their own compliance with the law. 
These rules also apply to any approvals considered under section 4 below. 
3.7 
Blacklisted Securities 
From time to time, the Group may be engaged in certain activities where inside information in relation to 
Securities of another entity may be available to a Designated Person as a result of their role or position 
within the Group. The Company wishes to minimise the risk that such persons might be perceived to be 
engaged in inappropriate dealings, and therefore the Company may blacklist certain securities in relation to 
particular persons. 
Where the Board or the Chairman notifies a Designated Person in writing that they are subject to a blacklist 
in relation to the securities of a particular entity (Blacklisted Securities), that person must not deal in the 
For personal use only

  
 
 
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
May 2021 
This policy may be amended at the discretion of the SunRice Group.  
7 
Blacklisted Securities from the time period specified in the notice, unless they first comply with the approval 
requirements set out in section 4 below (as if the Blacklisted Securities were the Company’s Securities), and 
then always subject to the law. 
3.8 
Connected Persons 
Connected Persons are: 
• 
a family member who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, a Designated Person in his 
or her dealings with the Company or Company Securities (this may include the Designated Person’s 
spouse, partner and children, the children of the Designated Person’s partner, or dependants of the 
Designated Person or the Designated Person’s partner); and 
• 
a company or any other entity which the Designated Person has an ability to control. 
Designated Personnel must take appropriate steps to ensure that their “Connected Persons” only trade in 
Securities in circumstances where the Designated Person to whom they are connected would be permitted 
to trade under this Policy, for example, by obtaining written approval in accordance with this Policy in respect 
of the Designated Person’s dealings.  
 
4 
Approval of Proposed Trade in the Company’s Securities by Designated 
Personnel 
4.1 
Application 
For all periods during which trading is permitted, the procedures in this section 4 must be complied with 
before any trading in the Company’s Securities by a Designated Person is undertaken unless it is a dealing 
under an Exempt Transaction (as defined in section 7). The rules for granting approval in section 3.6 will 
apply to all approvals sought under this section 4, including the expiry on approval. If an approver listed 
below will not be contactable for an extended period, delegations may be established to any other Director to 
approve proposed trading requests under this section. 
4.2 
Obligations of the Chairman 
Prior to trading in (e.g. buying or selling) the Company’s Securities, the Chairman must seek approval from 
an Independent Non-Grower Director (copying the Company Secretary), in writing, for his or her trade and 
confirm that he or she is not in possession of any inside information. 
4.3 
Obligations of other Designated Personnel 
Prior to trading in (e.g. buying or selling) the Company’s Securities, a Designated Person (other than the 
Chairman) must seek approval from the Chairman (copying the Company Secretary) for his or her trade, in 
writing, and confirm that they are not in possession of any inside information. 
 
For personal use only

  
 
 
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
May 2021 
This policy may be amended at the discretion of the SunRice Group.  
8 
5 
Notification of Trade in the Company’s Securities by Directors 
5.1 
Obligations of the Directors 
Directors must notify the Company Secretary of any trade in the Company’s Securities (or other changes in 
their notifiable interests) within 2 days of such trade occurring so that the Company Secretary may notify 
ASX in compliance with Section 205G of the Act and the Listing Rules. 
5.2 
Obligations of the Company Secretary 
1. 
The Company Secretary will maintain a register of all trades and holdings in the Company’s 
Securities by Directors. 
2. 
The Company Secretary must notify the ASX of the following interests of the Directors: 
(a) 
relevant interests in Securities of the Company or another Group entity; 
(b) 
contracts to which the Director is a party or under which the Director is entitled to benefit that 
confer a right to call for or deliver shares in debentures of or interests in a managed 
investment scheme made available by the Company or another Group entity. 
 
6 
Limiting Risk 
Designated Personnel are prohibited from trading in securities issued or created over the Company’s 
Securities by third parties, or trading in associated products. In addition, Designated Personnel may not 
enter into a transaction that operates to limit the economic risk of their Security holding in the Company, 
including where those Securities were acquired under an employee, executive or director equity plan 
operated by the Company and have not vested, or where they are subject to a holding lock or restriction on 
trading under the terms of such a plan. 
 
7 
Dealings Excluded from This Policy 
Sections 3.3, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 3.8 and 4 of this Policy do not apply to the following types of transactions 
(“Exempt Transactions”): 
1. 
transfer of the Company’s Securities that results in no effective change to the beneficial interest in 
the Securities (e.g. transfers of Securities already held into a family trust or superannuation fund of 
which the person is a beneficiary); 
2. 
disposal of the Company’s Securities arising from the acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme of 
arrangement or equal access buy-back; 
3. 
acquisition of the Company’s Securities under a pro rata issue; 
4. 
acquisition of the Company’s Securities under a share purchase plan or dividend reinvestment plan; 
5. 
acquisition of the Company’s Securities under an employee incentive scheme;  
6. 
trading under a pre-approved non-discretionary trading plan, where a participant did not enter into 
the plan or amend the plan during a blackout period or prohibited period (as applicable to them), the 
plan does not permit the person to exercise any influence or discretion in relation to trading under 
For personal use only

  
 
 
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
May 2021 
This policy may be amended at the discretion of the SunRice Group.  
9 
the plan, and the plan cannot be cancelled during a blackout period or prohibited period (as 
applicable), other than in exceptional circumstances;  
7. 
a disposal of Securities of the Company that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, 
for example, under a margin lending arrangement; and  
8. 
any other transactions identified by the Board for this purpose. 
It is important to note that all Exempt Transactions remain subject to the insider trading provisions of the Act. 
Employees and Directors should consider any legal or reputational issues (and discuss any concerns they 
have with the Company Secretary) before proceeding with a proposed trade.  
 
8 
Consequences of Breaching This Policy 
Failure to comply with the obligations in this Policy may lead to a breach of the Corporations Act and to 
personal penalties for individuals. Breaches of this Policy may lead to disciplinary action being taken, 
including termination of employment. 
For personal use only
