 
SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited 
Federal House   86 Federal Street   PO Box 6443 Wellesley Street   Auckland   New Zealand 
Telephone +64 (0)9 363 6141   Facsimile +64 (0)9 363 6140   www.skycitygroup.co.nz 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22 December 2010 
 
 
 
Company Announcements Office 
Australian Stock Exchange 
Exchange Centre 
20 Bridge Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
AUSTRALIA 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
 
RE: 
SKYCITY SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
Please find attached SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited’s Securities Trading 
Policy for staff in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.9 (which comes into force 
on 1 January 2011). 
 
 
 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
 
 
 
 
Peter Treacy 
Company Secretary 
For personal use only

SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited 
Securities Trading Policy: December 2010 
 
 
 
1 
 
SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited 
Securities Trading Policy 
December 2010 
 
 
Introduction 
SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited („SKYCITY‟ or „the company‟) is committed to 
transparency and fairness in dealing with all of its stakeholders and to ensuring 
adherence to all applicable laws and regulations. 
 
This Policy sets out the requirements that apply to all directors and employees of 
SKYCITY in relation to any trading by them (or advice to any third party) in the 
company‟s listed securities.  This Policy is a fundamental and cornerstone component of 
SKYCITY‟s corporate governance regime and must be complied with at all times. 
 
Policy Statement 
No director or employee of SKYCITY may use his or her position of confidential 
knowledge of SKYCITY or its business to engage in trading in the company‟s securities 
for personal benefit or to provide benefit to any third party. 
 
Additional  Restrictions 
This Policy includes “Additional Trading Restrictions for Restricted Persons” (refer pages 
4/5).  The Additional Restrictions apply to SKYCITY personnel who are likely to have 
access to or knowledge of SKYCITY‟s financial performance or other key strategic 
information.  Such personnel are referred to as „Restricted Persons‟.  
 
Under the Additional Restrictions, Restricted Persons may only trade in SKYCITY 
securities in accordance with the „Approved Trading Procedure‟.  The Additional 
Restrictions do not apply to staff who are not designated as Restricted Persons either as 
defined in this Policy in the shaded box on page 4 or as otherwise nominated by the 
company from time to time. 
 
Fundamental Rule:  Insider trading is prohibited at all times 
An „insider‟ is any person who has the benefit of material (inside) information. 
 
„Material information‟ is information that is not generally available to the market and, if 
it were generally available, could be expected to have a material effect on the price of 
the company‟s shares or other listed securities.  „Material information‟ is information that 
is likely to influence a person in deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of shares. 
 
If you possess „material information‟ about the company then you must not trade (buy 
or sell) or advise or encourage others to trade or hold the company‟s securities (shares), 
or pass on the material/inside information to others.  This prohibition applies regardless 
of how you learn of or acquire the information. 
 
Material (Inside) Information 
Material information can include rumours, matters of supposition, intentions, confidential 
information of or about the company, and information that is insufficiently definite to 
warrant disclosure to the public. 
 
For personal use only

SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited 
Securities Trading Policy: December 2010 
 
 
 
2 
 
Some examples of information which could be deemed „material‟ in the context of 
SKYCITY‟s share price are set out below.  The listing is for illustrative purposes only and 
is not intended as a complete listing. 
 
the financial performance of the company or any of its major subsidiaries, profit 
centres, or operational departments 
 
a possible change in the strategic direction of the company 
 
knowledge of potential takeover interest in the company 
 
a possible acquisition or sale of any assets or companies by the company 
 
any possible regulatory or legislative change of significance that could impact on the 
company‟s earnings potential 
 
potential regulatory action in respect of a possible breach of one of the company‟s 
casino licences 
 
possible changes or restrictions of significance with respect to any of the company‟s 
casino licences or other regulatory parameters 
 
a possible change in the company‟s capital structure or availability of funds or the 
pricing of funds 
 
senior management or board changes 
 
a possible change in profit distribution policy 
 
a potential material legal claim against the company 
 
a significant win or loss or significant accumulated wins or losses by a player or 
groups of players, most likely to occur under the company‟s commission player 
programme 
 
a significant uninsured loss 
 
a potential claim against the company of any nature which might prejudice the 
company‟s earnings potential or significantly impact its reputation 
 
any other unexpected liability. 
 
If you have any material information which is not public knowledge, it is illegal for you 
to: 
 
trade the company‟s listed securities 
 
advise or encourage another person to trade or hold the company‟s listed securities 
 
advise or encourage a person to advise or encourage another person to trade or hold 
the company‟s listed securities, or 
 
pass on the information to anyone else. 
 
You must comply with this fundamental rule even if you buy SKYCITY securities in 
someone else‟s name, for example in the name of your spouse or partner, a close 
relative (including dependent child), or a company or trust in which you have a material 
interest or where you can influence the decisions of trustees. 
 
For the purposes of this Policy, „trade‟ includes buying or selling securities, except where 
the acquisition or disposal occurs by way of gift or inheritance. 
 
Restricted Persons 
„Restricted Persons‟ are the SKYCITY people most likely to become insiders.  They are 
the directors, senior executives, and staff members who are involved in material 
transactions and financial reporting concerning the company.  Additional requirements 
apply to Restricted Persons. 
 
Refer to the subsequent sections of this Policy for further details on Restricted Persons 
and the additional requirements that apply to those persons (pages 4-6). 
 
 
For personal use only

SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited 
Securities Trading Policy: December 2010 
 
 
 
3 
 
Short-Term Trading 
As a general rule, short-term trading of shares (within a six month period) should be 
avoided. 
 
Individual Responsibility and Personal Liability 
It is up to each director and employee to make their own determination before buying or 
selling securities - as to whether or not you are in possession of material information not 
publicly available, and have therefore become an insider. 
 
Liability is presumed, even if you are unaware of the sensitivity of the information.   
 
Any breach of insider trading regulations is your personal responsibility and potential 
liability, not the company‟s. 
 
The offence of insider trading can subject you to criminal liability including substantial 
fines and/or imprisonment, and civil liability which may include being sued by another 
party for any loss suffered as a result of illegal trading.   
 
SKYCITY will take disciplinary action, up to and including termination, against any 
employee who breaches this Policy - a breach of this Policy will be deemed to be a 
breach of your employment contract with the company. 
 
Take a Conservative Approach 
The rules contained in this Policy do not replace your legal obligations.   
 
The boundary between what is (and is not) in breach of the law is not always clear.  If in 
doubt, the appropriate action is not to trade.   
 
Application of Policy 
The SKYCITY board has approved this Policy.  The board may approve updates, 
amendments to and exemptions from this Policy from time to time. 
 
„SKYCITY securities‟ include SKYCITY shares, capital notes, ACES securities, and any 
other securities which the company may have on issue.  This Policy applies to any listed 
securities of SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited and/or of any of its subsidiary or 
associated companies. 
 
To the extent of any inconsistency with any previous policy or rules relating to this 
subject matter, this Policy prevails over them. 
 
If you have any doubts or questions relating to compliance with this Policy or about the 
insider trading legislation in New Zealand and Australia generally, you should contact the 
Company Secretary. 
 
The requirements imposed by this Policy are separate from, and in addition to, the legal 
prohibitions on insider trading in New Zealand and Australia (and elsewhere).  This 
Policy covers certain provisions and procedures that apply to SKYCITY directors and 
employees but does not constitute an exhaustive set of statements about the law and 
the situations under which individuals may be liable for insider trading. 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited 
Securities Trading Policy: December 2010 
 
 
 
4 
 
Additional Trading Restrictions for Restricted Persons 
 
If you are a „Restricted Person‟ you may only trade SKYCITY securities within the 
„window‟ (or trading) periods as defined in the Additional Restrictions set out in this 
Policy.   
 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from trading in SKYCITY securities outside the window 
periods and may only trade within the window periods if approval to do so has first been 
obtained.  Any such trading must be in accordance with the Approved Trading Procedure 
as set out below.   
 
Prior to any trade, you must have first obtained a signed authorisation to trade which 
requires you to make a written declaration that your decision to trade is not based on 
any material or inside information.   
 
A „Request for Consent to Trade in Listed Securities‟ (Attachment 1 to this Policy) must 
be submitted to and approved by the Company Secretary prior to any trade or, in the 
absence of the Company Secretary, by any person authorised by the Company Secretary 
to provide such authorisation. 
 
For Restricted Persons, approval to trade securities outside of the window periods will 
not be given, except in exceptional circumstances, as determined by the board of 
directors in its absolute discretion. 
 
The window/trading periods are defined as being the 60 calendar day periods 
commencing on the day following the announcement of the company‟s half year and full 
year results to the New Zealand and Australian stock exchanges. 
 
Please note that if you hold material information about SKYCITY you must not trade 
SKYCITY securities at any time, regardless of the window/trading periods, as nominated 
in this Policy. 
 
Restricted Persons are defined as below.  The Additional Trading Restrictions set 
out in this section of this Policy apply to these persons: 
 
all directors of SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited and its relevant subsidiaries 
 
the Chief Executive Officer, his or her direct reports, and their direct reports 
 
staff involved in the compilation of reports identifying the financial performance of 
significant components of the business and those staff who receive or have access to 
financial performance reports for significant components of the business 
 
any other employees or associates of the SKYCITY Group designated by the company 
and notified in writing by it from time to time. 
 
The Additional Restrictions are an integral component of this Policy and impose 
additional restrictions to those set out elsewhere in the Policy. 
 
Approved Trading Procedure 
Before selling or buying SKYCITY securities, or entering into transactions or 
arrangements which have a substantially similar economic effect as the sale or purchase 
of a SKYCITY security, or which operate to limit the economic risk of a Restricted 
Person‟s interest in SKYCITY securities, a Restricted Person must give written notice to 
the Company Secretary in the form of the attached Request for Consent notice of his or 
her intention to sell or buy SKYCITY securities, or to enter into such transactions or 
arrangements.  This notice must be signed and dated. 
 
For personal use only

SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited 
Securities Trading Policy: December 2010 
 
 
 
5 
 
As referred above, if you are a Restricted Person, you are required to make certain 
declarations in the Request for Consent notice. 
 
On receiving the request notice, the Company Secretary, board, or other officer of 
SKYCITY appointed by and acting on behalf of the board, will consider the request 
contained in the notice.  The criteria for considering the request will include (without 
limitation): 
 
whether the Company Secretary, board or other officer (as the case may be) is 
reasonably satisfied as to the truth of the statements made in the application forms 
 
the intended date of the transaction in relation to the window or trading periods 
specified in this Policy 
 
whether the sale or purchase, or transactions or arrangements, would have the 
effect of limiting the economic risk of the Restricted Person‟s entitlement to SKYCITY 
securities that have not vested, and 
 
the period of time the Restricted Person has held their SKYCITY securities. 
 
The Company Secretary, board, or other officer (as the case may be) may consent or 
withhold consent to the proposed transaction in their absolute discretion. 
 
If your request to trade is accepted, you must trade within 10 trading days of the 
consent being given.  A trading day is a day on which SKYCITY‟s securities are traded on 
the Australian or New Zealand Stock Exchanges (NZSX/ASX).  If your approved trade 
has not been completed within the 10 trading day period, then that consent will be 
deemed to have lapsed and a new Request for Consent must be applied for.  No further 
trading in SKYCITY securities can occur until the subsequent consent has been granted. 
 
Window (or Trading) Periods 
The securities must not be sold or purchased or the transactions or arrangements 
entered into, outside of the periods commencing the day after announcement to the 
NZX/ASX of the financial results of SKYCITY for the most recently completed financial 
year (30 June) or the most recently completed financial half-year (31 December), 
whichever occurred last, and ending 60 days after the day after the relevant 
announcement, or such other date as the board may specify from time to time. 
 
Declarations of Security Holdings 
Restricted Persons must file with the company a new declaration of security holding 
within 5 business days of the purchase or sale of any SKYCITY securities.  Declaration 
forms can be obtained from the Company Secretary.  
 
Disclosure Obligations 
In addition to the obligation referred to above, a Restricted Person (who is nominated as 
being an „Officer‟ of the company under NZX Listing Rules) must comply with any 
disclosure obligations that person has under the Securities Markets (Disclosure of 
Relevant Interests by Directors and Officers) Regulations 2003 and the Listing Rules of 
the NZX and/or the ASX. 
 
Excluded Trades 
The Additional Restrictions set out above do not apply to: 
 
the following categories of passive trades: 
o 
acquisition of SKYCITY securities through a dividend reinvestment plan; 
o 
acquisition of SKYCITY securities through a share purchase plan available 
to all retail shareholders; 
o 
acquisition of SKYCITY securities through a rights issue; and 
For personal use only

SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited 
Securities Trading Policy: December 2010 
 
 
 
6 
 
o 
the disposal of SKYCITY securities through the acceptance of a takeover 
offer; 
 
dealings that do not result in a change to the beneficial interest in SKYCITY 
securities; 
 
a disposal of SKYCITY securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their 
rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement; and 
 
participation in an employee share plan operated by SKYCITY (e.g. applying for an 
allocation of SKYCITY securities under an employee share offer).  However, once the 
SKYCITY securities that are granted under an employee share plan cease to be held 
under the terms of that plan, any dealings in those SKYCITY securities must only 
occur in accordance with all provisions of this Policy. 
 
Exceptional Circumstances 
If a Restricted Person needs to deal in SKYCITY securities outside of the window periods 
due to exceptional circumstances, the Restricted Person may apply to the board for a 
waiver from compliance with the Additional Restrictions. 
 
Exceptional circumstances for these purposes include severe financial hardship, 
compulsion by court order or any other circumstance that is deemed exceptional by the 
board. 
 
Restricted Persons seeking a waiver must submit to the Company Secretary a „Request 
for Consent to Trade in Listed Securities‟ (Attachment 1 to this Policy) and provide an 
explanation as to the severe financial hardship or circumstances that are otherwise 
exceptional and the reason the waiver is requested.  A waiver will only be granted if the 
Restricted Person‟s application is accompanied by sufficient evidence (in the opinion of 
the Company Secretary) that the dealing of the relevant securities is the only reasonable 
course of action available in the circumstances. 
 
If a waiver is granted, the Restricted Person will be notified in writing (which may 
include notification via email) and in each circumstance the duration of the waiver to 
deal in securities will be 10 trading days. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under a waiver must 
comply with the other provisions of this Policy (to the extent applicable). 
 
 
 
For personal use only

Attachment 1 
SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited 
Request for Consent to Trade in Listed Securities 
 
In accordance with SKYCITY Entertainment Group’s Securities Trading Policy, including its Additional Trading 
Restrictions for Restricted Persons (and the Approved Trading Procedure as set out in those Restrictions), I 
request that SKYCITY gives consent to the following proposed transaction, to be undertaken by me or persons 
associated with me, within 10 trading days of approval being given.  I acknowledge that SKYCITY is not advising 
me or encouraging me to trade or hold (or not trade or not hold) securities and does not provide any securities 
recommendation. 
 
 
TO 
Peter Treacy 
 
Company Secretary 
 
SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited, Auckland 
Fax: +64 9 363 6140 
NAME  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ADDRESS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
POSITION 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Class of securities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Number of securities  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Type of transaction 
 
 
Sale / Purchase / Transfer / Other 
Stock Exchange transaction 
 
Yes / No 
Details of off market transactions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Anticipated date of transaction (must be within 
10 business days of the date of this request) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I make the following declarations in respect of this request for consent to trade in SKYCITY listed 
securities: 
 My decision to trade the securities (or enter into a transaction with similar effect) has not been 
made on the basis of ‘material information’ (as defined in the Securities Markets Act 1988) 
 I believe that the transaction will be at a fair value, and 
 I am not aware of any reason why I should be prohibited from trading SKYCITY securities (or 
entering into a transaction with a similar effect). 
 
I request that SKYCITY consents to this transaction. 
 
Date 
 
 
 
 
Signature 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes: 
 Directors and certain ‘officers’ of the company will need to complete ASX/NZX disclosures relating to this 
transaction.  Disclosure is your responsibility and is required to be made to NZX within 5 business days. 
 Any approved transaction must take place within the 60 day period commencing the day after the 
announcement to the New Zealand and Australian stock exchanges of the results of the most recent full or 
half year accounting period. 
 Any approved transaction must be completed within 10 business days of the consent having been granted.  If 
the proposed transaction is not completed within the 10 business day period, then this consent will lapse and 
a new request for consent will need to be submitted for approval.  No further trading can occur until that 
subsequent consent has been granted. 
 Any approved transaction must be carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Securities Trading Policy. 
 
 
 
 
TO 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited consents / does not consent to the above transaction. 
 
 
Date 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For and on behalf of SKYCITY Entertainment Group Limited 
For personal use only
