 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 1 
 
Energy Developments Limited ABN 84 053 410 263 
Energy Developments Limited (ASX: ENE) 
22 August 2013 
For Immediate Release 
 
 
 
 
ASX Release 
Revised Securities Trading Policy 
 
The revised Securities Trading Policy for Energy Developments Limited (ASX: ENE or the 
“Company”) is attached. 
 
The Policy was recently updated as part of an internal review process, and while none of the 
changes are considered material, the updated version is being released to the ASX for good 
order. 
 
 
………………………………………………………………………………………………… 
For additional information please contact:  
Glen Marshall 
Company Secretary 
Energy Developments 
Phone: +61 7 3275 5650 
 
 
 
About Energy Developments 
 
Energy Developments Limited ABN 84 053 410 263 (ENE) is an international provider of safe, clean, low greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions energy and remote energy solutions. ENE currently owns and operates a diversified international 
portfolio of power stations in Australia, the United States, the United Kingdom and Greece from a range of fuel sources 
including landfill gas, waste coal mine gas, natural gas and liquefied natural gas. 
 
In the year ended 30 June 2013: 
 
 
ENE's worldwide operations produced approximately 3.5 million MWh of energy, enough to power over 
550,000 homes; and 
 
 
ENE's landfill gas power stations around the world, and waste coal mine power stations in Australia abated and 
avoided approximately 11 million tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent of GHG emissions, equivalent to 
removing 3 million cars from the road 
 
Note: in this release, all amounts are Australian dollars unless otherwise specified, and all numbers are approximate 
unless otherwise specified. 
 
Building 17 
2404 Logan Road 
PO Box 4046 
Eight Mile Plains Qld 4113 
Australia 
Main Tel 61 7 3275 5555 
Main Fax 61 7 3341 5150 
For personal use only

 
Securities Trading Policy: updated August 2013 
Energy Developments Limited 
(“Company”) 
A.C.N. 053 410 263 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
Scope 
This policy provides guidance to EDL Group Directors, EDL Group employees and regular EDL 
Group contractors on the purchase and sale of securities of the Company: 
– 
in order that breaches of the Australian Corporations Act do not occur; and 
– 
to ensure dealings by EDL Group Directors, EDL Group employees and regular EDL Group 
contractors in securities of the Company are fair, and are seen to be fair. 
EDL Group Directors, EDL Group employees and regular EDL Group contractors requiring further 
information or guidance should contact their supervisor or the Company Secretary. 
 
Prohibitions 
In accordance with the provisions of the Corporations Act, no EDL Group Director, EDL Group 
employee or regular EDL Group contractor or any other person can trade in the securities of the 
Company while in possession of “inside information”, either directly or though another person. 
EDL Group Directors, EDL Group employees and regular EDL Group contractors employees 
should never communicate inside information to any other person, except in the proper conduct of 
their duties to the Company. 
Inside information is information which a person knows, or reasonably ought to know: 
– 
is not generally available; and 
– 
might have a material effect on the price of the Company’s securities if it was generally 
available. 
Inside information can include matters of speculation or supposition and matters relating to 
intentions or likely intentions of a person. 
Information is regarded as being likely to have a material effect on price if it would, or would be 
likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or not to deal in 
the Company’s securities. 
Examples of inside information could be: 
(a) the financial performance of the Company against its budget; 
(b) changes in the Company’s actual or anticipated financial condition or business performance; 
(c) changes in the capital structure of the Company, including proposals to raise additional equity 
or borrowings; 
(d) proposed changes in the nature of the business of the Company; 
(e) changes to the Board of Directors or significant changes in senior management; 
(f) an undisclosed significant change in the Company’s market share; 
(g) likely or actual entry into, or loss of, a material contract; 
(h) material acquisitions or sales of assets by the Company; 
For personal use only

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS LIMITED 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Securities Trading Policy: updated August 2013 
 
2
(i) a proposed dividend or other distribution or a change in dividend policy; or 
(j) a material claim against the Company or other unexpected liability. 
This is not an exhaustive list. 
A breach of the insider trading rules may lead to criminal and civil liabilities and, in the case of EDL 
Group employees, a breach of the insider trading rules will also be regarded by the Company as 
serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action or dismissal from Energy Developments. 
 
No Short Term Trading 
• 
EDL Group Directors, EDL Group employees and regular EDL Group contractors may not 
engage in the short term trading of the securities of the Company, eg. a purchase and sale 
of the same securities within a six month period. 
In very limited circumstances, such as the exercising of options in employee share 
ownership plans, this requirement may be relaxed at the discretion of the Board. 
Blackout Periods 
 
• 
Subject at all times to not being in possession of inside information, EDL Group Directors, 
EDL Group employees and regular EDL Group contractors may deal in the Company’s 
securities at any time other than during the following periods (each a “blackout period”): 
– 
31 days immediately before the release of the Company’s half yearly results and the 
2 days immediately following such release; and 
– 
31 days immediately before the release of the Company’s full year results and the 2 
days immediately following such release; and 
– 
14 days immediately before the Annual General Meeting of the Company and the 2 
days immediately following such Annual General Meeting. 
• 
If intending to trade in the Company’s securities, the following notifications of intended 
trading must be made, together with a confirmation that the relevant EDL Group Director, 
EDL Group employee or regular EDL Group contractor is not in possession of inside 
information: 
– 
in the case of EDL Group Directors, notification to the Chairman; 
– 
in the case of the Chairman, notification to the Chairman of the Audit and Risk 
Committee; 
– 
in the case of EDL Group employees and regular EDL Group contractors, 
notification to the Managing Director. 
• 
Approval to trade during a blackout period will only be granted in exceptional personal 
circumstances, upon prior notice to and approval from: 
– 
in the case of EDL Group Directors, the Chairman; 
– 
in the case of the Chairman, the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee; 
– 
in the case of EDL Group employees and regular EDL Group contractors, the 
Managing Director, 
in each case with a confirmation that the relevant person intending to trade is not in 
possession of inside information. 
• 
Unless specifically advised to the contrary, and subject again to the restriction against 
trading with inside information, EDL Group Directors, EDL Group employees and regular 
EDL Group contractors may acquire or sell shares during a blackout period through a 
For personal use only

ENERGY DEVELOPMENTS LIMITED 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
Securities Trading Policy: updated August 2013 
 
3
general offer to all shareholders, such as a Dividend Reinvestment Plan, a Share Purchase 
Plan, or a general buy-back offer. 
• 
Employees who have or may receive options, rights or similar instruments over the 
Company’s securities may not enter into transactions in associated products (such as 
warrants) without the prior approval of the Board. 
• 
EDL Group Directors and EDL Group employees must not engage in hedging 
arrangements over unvested securities issued pursuant to any Company share scheme, 
Performance Rights Plan or Option Plan.  
• 
In relation to vested securities, these may only be hedged once they are exercised into 
shareholdings and only on the condition that the details of the hedge are fully disclosed (eg: 
to the ASX and in the Annual Report, as appropriate), and that the hedge transaction is 
treated as a sale or purchase of securities and the relevant notifications must be made in 
accordance with this policy. 
Hedging arrangements include where a person enters into transactions in products associated with 
the Company’s securities which operate to limit the economic risk of their security holding in the 
Company. 
 
Securities in other companies (eg other listed companies that the Company has business 
with) 
EDL Group Directors, EDL Group employees and regular EDL Group contractors are not to deal in 
securities (eg shares, options, etc) of other companies if the Director or Officer possesses “inside 
information” or price sensitive information in relation to that other company.   
This includes where, through work, a Director or Officer becomes aware of price sensitive 
information relating to a customer, supplier, contractor, joint venture partner or other business 
partner of the Company. 
 
Reporting Obligations 
EDL Group Directors and EDL Group employees who are “key management personnel” for the 
purposes of the Company’s financial statements are to advise the Company Secretary as soon as 
possible after a trade involving Company securities has occurred. 
In the case of Directors, notice must be given in sufficient time so that the Company Secretary can 
advise the Australian Stock Exchange (on behalf of the Director), within the required time limit 
(currently five business days of the relevant trade). 
 
Who to contact? 
The Company Secretary can assist with all queries relating to this Policy and the process and 
paperwork for seeking clearance to trade, and the Company Secretary is responsible for 
maintaining this policy and ensuring that it is communicated to EDL Group Directors, EDL Group 
employees and regular EDL Group contractors. 
For personal use only
