 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
This is an important policy.  It provides an outline of the law relating to insider trading and it sets out 
when employees, contractors, directors of the company, any other person that agrees to be bound by 
the policy from time to time, and their Relatives (“Restricted Persons Persons”) can trade in the 
securities of Superloop Limited (Superloop).  
It is important that you read this Policy and understand its terms.  If you are unsure about any of the 
terms of this Policy, or if you do not understand the summary of the law relating to insider trading, 
please obtain independent legal advice before dealing in the securities of Superloop.  Alternatively, you 
can contact the Company Secretary for more information. 
 
Inside information 
This policy is designed to ensure compliance with the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act. 
The key prohibition under the Act is trading when you have ‘inside information’.   
 
What is inside information? 
Inside information has the meaning given to that term in section 1042A Corporations Act.  As a 
summary, information that is not generally available, and which, if it were generally available: 
1) a reasonable person would expect it would have a material effect on the price or value of 
Superloop Securities; or 
2) would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding 
whether to acquire or dispose of Superloop Securities. 
Information is considered ‘generally available’ if it is readily observable, or if it has been made known in a 
manner likely to bring it to the attention of persons who commonly invest in securities of the relevant 
type. 
 
Restrictions on using Inside information 
The Corporations Act also makes insider trading illegal.  You commit insider trading if you have 
information about a company which you know to be, or ought reasonably know to be, Inside information 
and you: 
• 
trade in that company’s securities;  
• 
procure another person to trade in that company’s securities; or 
• 
communicate the information, directly or indirectly, to another person who you know, or ought 
reasonably to know, is likely to trade in those securities or procure another person to trade in those 
securities. 
Insider trading is prohibited under the Act, and also under this Policy for all Relevant Persons.  The 
penalty for breach of the insider trading provisions of the Act includes fines and, in some 
circumstances, a jail term.  Breaches of this policy may also be subject to disciplinary action, 
which could include termination of employment.   
For personal use only

 
 
Who does this Policy apply to? 
This Policy applies to Restricted Persons.    
A Restricted Person who would be prohibited from trading under this Policy must not trade through any 
member of their family, or through a trust or company over which they have influence or control. 
It is also important to note that although this Policy only applies to Restricted Persons, the insider trading 
provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) apply to all persons, including your 
family and acquaintances. 
Which securities does this Policy apply to? 
This Policy applies to all securities issued by Superloop of any kind, including ordinary shares and any 
other share that may be issued by the Company going forward, such as preference shares, debentures, 
convertible notes, options and hedging or derivative instruments. 
There are also some circumstances where this Policy covers trading in the securities of other companies.  
This Policy applies to the securities of other companies if: 
• 
the company is a joint venture or collaborative partner of Superloop; 
• 
the company is, or is about to be, a counterparty to a material agreement with Superloop that may 
be considered price sensitive to either party; 
• 
Superloop has made (or is planning to make) a takeover offer; or 
• 
Superloop has a substantial interest (5% or more) in the company. 
For the purposes of this Policy, all the securities referred to above will be called Superloop Securities. 
Again, it is important to note that the insider trading provisions of the Corporation Act will still apply to 
companies not covered by this Policy if you trade when you have Inside information. 
This policy does not apply to: 
• 
a transfer of Superloop Securities already held by you into a superannuation fund or other saving 
scheme in which you are a beneficiary; 
• 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
• 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the existing security holders in a company, 
such as a pro-rata rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan; 
the shortfall arising from a sub-underwriting agreement or underwriting agreement under a pro-rata 
rights issue, and an equal access buy-back;  
• 
the exercise (but not the sale of securities following exercise) of an option or a right under an 
employee incentive scheme, or the conversion of a convertible security, where the final date for the 
exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of the security, falls during a Restricted Period;  
• 
trading in an exchange traded fund (ETF);  
For personal use only

 
 
• 
bona fide gifts of Superloop Securities to a Restricted Person by a third party or a transfer to a 
Restricted Person under a will; 
• 
transfers in Superloop Securities where the beneficial ownership does not change; 
• 
Superloop Securities where the Restricted Person is a trustee trading in the Superloop Securities, 
provided that the Restricted Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decisions to trade in the 
Superloop Securities are taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers independently of 
the Restricted Person; and  
• 
Disposal of Superloop Securities by a secured lender under a loan agreement secured by the 
Superloop Securities. 
Restrictions on Trading in Superloop 
Securities 
This paragraph sets out the circumstances in which Restricted Persons cannot trade in Superloop 
Securities. 
 
Inside information 
If you are a Restricted Person, you must not trade if you have inside information.  
Restricted Periods 
If you are a Restricted Person, you must not trade during a Restricted Period.  
Outside of the Restricted Periods above, you may trade in Superloop Securities so long as you are not 
prohibited from trading under another rule in this Policy. 
Speculative Trading 
If you are a Restricted Person, you must not trade in Superloop Securities for short term or speculative 
gain.  In particular you must not:  
• 
engage in hedging arrangements, deal in derivatives or enter into other arrangements which limit the 
economic risk related to Superloop Securities (including, for example, the use of put and call options, 
contracts for differences and other contracts intended to secure a profit or avoid a loss based on 
fluctuations in the price of Superloop Securities), or which limit the economic risk in connection with 
Superloop Securities unless you have Written Clearance provided in the manner contemplated in this 
Policy;  
• 
enter into any arrangement of the nature described in (a) or (b) above if to do so would be in 
contravention of the Corporations Act; or 
• 
enter into any arrangement designed to profit from a decrease in the share price of Superloop. 
 
 
WARNING: If you are in possession of inside information you must not trade in the Superloop Securities 
irrespective of whether it is not a Restricted Period.  
 
For personal use only

 
 
Authorised Trading 
If you wish to trade in Superloop Securities during a Restricted Period, but cannot do so because of this 
Policy, you may apply for permission to trade if exceptional circumstances exist.  This is called Written 
Clearance. 
Who can give Written Clearance? 
An Authorised Officer can give Written Clearance.  The Authorised Officer changes depending on who is 
seeking Written Clearance.  The table below sets out who is an Authorised Officer: 
 
Person seeking Written Clearance 
Authorised Officer 
The Chairperson 
Two non-executive directors or a non-executive director and 
the CEO or CFO 
The CEO, or a director other than the 
Chairperson 
Two directors 
Any other person 
CEO 
 
When can Written Clearance be given? 
Written Clearance can only be given if:  
• 
the proposed trade is not contrary to law; or  
• 
the proposed trade is not for speculative gain, to take advantage of inside information or 
likely to be seen by the public, press, other shareholders or ASX as unfair; and 
• 
exceptional circumstances exist justifying the issue of the Written Clearance. 
What constitutes an exceptional circumstance is a matter for the discretion of the Authorising Officer.  
However, exceptional circumstances may exist where the proposed trade is: 
• 
to realise cash in a time of exceptional financial hardship; or 
• 
to comply with the requirement of a court order or enforceable undertaking; or 
• 
sought because delaying the trade would: 
o 
cause exceptional financial hardship; 
o 
be exceptionally detrimental to the person’s family affairs; or  
o 
be a breach of a court order. 
For personal use only

 
 
Notification of trades 
 
Restricted Persons, other than directors 
If you trade in Superloop Securities you must notify the Company Secretary of the details of all 
completed transactions within fourteen days after each transaction.  This is necessary whether or not 
Written Clearance was required prior to trading.  The Company Secretary will maintain a register of 
securities transactions under this Policy. 
 
Trading by directors 
If you are a director and trade in Superloop Securities, you must notify the Company Secretary as soon a 
practicable so that an Appendix 3Y or other prescribed form notifying ASX of the trade can be lodged. 
Monitoring and compliance with this Policy 
 
Superloop monitors trading in Superloop Securities by Restricted Persons as part of the administration of 
this Policy. 
The Board may require Restricted Persons to certify that they are aware of and understand this Policy 
and may require Restricted Persons to attest to their compliance with this policy periodically as part of 
the ongoing administration this Policy.  
Periodic review 
The Board will review this Policy on an annual basis to ensure it meets regulatory standards and will 
notify the market and Restricted Persons of any changes made to this Policy. 
Glossary 
 
Term 
Definition 
ASX 
means ASX Limited ACN 008 624 691 and the exchange 
operated by it. 
Authorising Officer 
means the person identified in the paragraph “Authorised 
Trading”. 
Board 
means the Company’s board. 
CEO 
means the executive officer (by whatever title known, 
whether chief executive officer, managing director or 
otherwise) with sole responsibility for the strategic and 
operational management of the Company. 
Chairperson 
means the Chairperson of the Board. 
For personal use only

 
 
Term 
Definition 
Closed Period 
means the period that is: 
(a) 
one month prior to the announcement to the ASX 
of the Company’s Appendix 4E Full Year Report or 
Appendix 4D Half Year Report;  
(b) 
two weeks prior to the announcement to the ASX 
of the Company’s Appendix C Quarterly Report; 
(c) 
two weeks prior to the conclusion of the 
Company’s annual general meeting; or 
(d) 
one week prior to the release by the Company to 
the ASX of a cleansing notice, in accordance with 
sections 708A or 708AA of the Corporations Act. 
Company or Superloop 
means Superloop Limited ACN 169 263 094 and, as the 
context requires, its controlled entities. 
Company Secretary 
means the secretary of the Company. 
Corporations Act 
means Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Director 
means a director of the Company. 
Executive Management 
includes the CEO, chief financial officer, chief operations 
officer and general counsel. 
Inside information 
has the meaning given to that term in section 1042A 
Corporations Act. 
Insider trading 
has the meaning given to that term under Part 7.10, 
Division 3 Corporations Act. 
Open Period 
means any time other than an Closed Period 
Policy 
means the policy contained in this document or in any 
amending or replacement document. 
Restricted Period 
means: 
(a) 
any Closed Period; and 
(b) 
any other period the Board decides Restricted 
Persons and Closely Connected People are to be 
prohibited from trading in Superloop Securities. 
Relatives 
all relatives of the person including such persons spouse, 
de facto spouse, children and step-children.   
Restricted Persons 
Employees, contractors, directors of the Company, any 
other person that agrees to be bound by the policy from 
time to time, and the Relatives of such persons. 
Superloop Securities 
means securities to which this Policy applies identified in 
paragraph 0, but excluding securities identified in 
paragraph entitled “Which Securities does this Policy 
Apply to”. 
Written Clearance 
means the authority in written or electronic format to 
trade. 
 
For personal use only
