 
 
SUPPLY NETWORK LIMITED 
 
 
ABN  12 003 135 680 
 
 
141 - 151 Fairfield Road Guildford  NSW  2161 
 
 
PO Box 460 Fairfield  NSW  2165 
 
 
Telephone: 61 2 9892 3888   Fax: 61 2 9892 2399 
 
 
 
23 December 2010 
 
 
 
The Manager 
Companies Announcement Office 
ASX Limited 
20 Bridge Street 
SYDNEY NSW 2000 
 
 
Dear Sir 
 
Re: Share Trading Policy  
 
In accordance with Listing Rule 12.9 please find attached a copy of Supply Network Limited’s Share 
Trading Policy. 
 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
Peter Gill 
Company Secretary 
 
For personal use only

 
1 
 
 
Supply Network Limited 
Share Trading Policy 
 
This document sets out the Company’s share trading policy to regulate dealings by 
directors, officers and employees in securities issued by the Company. 
Company directors, officers and employees are required to comply with the 
restrictions contained in the Corporations Act regarding the prohibition on insider 
trading where price-sensitive information is present, and also the takeover provisions 
which restrict dealings in Company securities when their combined shareholding 
interest exceeds 20%. 
The purpose of this policy is to assist directors, officers and employees to avoid 
conduct that might be considered as “insider trading” and to establish appropriate 
rules for trading in the Company’s shares.  
For the purposes of this policy, trading in the Company’s shares also extends to 
trading in other securities issued by the Company including options.  
 
1.  What is insider trading?  
1.1 Insider trading is prohibited under the Corporations Act, punishable by 
significant fines or imprisonment, or both.  
1.2 The key elements that constitute insider trading by any individual are:  
1.2.1  That person possesses information about the Company which they know 
or ought reasonably to know is not generally available to the market.  It 
is important to note that the definition of information is broad enough to 
include rumours and tips, regardless of their truth.  
1.2.2 That information if it were known in the market would be likely to have 
a material effect on the share price of the Company.  This information is 
often referred to as being “price sensitive”.  
1.2.3 The person uses this price sensitive information to their advantage by 
trading in the Company’s shares or having someone else do so on their 
behalf.  
1.2.4 It is also insider trading if a person passes on price sensitive information 
to other parties knowing (or where they should have reasonably known) 
that the other party will use that information to trade in the Company’s 
shares.  This includes family, friends and associates.  
 
2.  What sort of information is “price sensitive”?  
2.1 The sort of information which might affect the Company’s share price and 
which may be regarded as “price sensitive” includes:  
2.1.1 The Company’s financial results before these have been published, 
particularly if they are significantly better or worse than market 
expectations.  
2.1.2 Any pending material acquisitions or divestments by the Company.  
2.1.3 The threat of any material litigation that may involve the Company.  
For personal use only

2 
 
2.1.4 Information on a proposed bonus issue of shares or changes to dividend 
policies.  
2.1.5 Information of new deals/contracts won, proposals made or negotiations 
in process.  
As well as the prohibitions against insider trading, directors, officers and employees 
have a common law duty of confidentiality to the Company.  Directors, officers and 
employees must not reveal any confidential information concerning the Company. 
Directors, officers and employees must not use any of this confidential information in 
any manner which may injure or cause loss to the Company.  
 
3.  General Policy for trading in the Company’s shares  
3.1 Directors, officers and employees of the Company are encouraged to follow a 
long term investment policy with respect to their holdings (including 
derivatives) in the Company’s securities and any trading of a short term or 
speculative nature is to be discouraged. 
3.2 Directors, officers and employees of the Company must not buy or sell shares in 
the Company when they are in possession of price sensitive information which 
they know or ought reasonably to know is not generally available to the market.  
3.3 Directors, officers and employees of the Company must not procure another 
person such as a family member, friend or associate to deal in the Company’s 
shares or communicate any price sensitive information to another person who is 
likely to deal in the Company's shares or procure another person to do so. 
3.4 Insider trading laws 
3.4.1 Insider trading by directors and all employees is illegal and is prohibited. 
If a person is in possession of any unpublished price sensitive 
information, it is a criminal offence to take advantage for personal gain 
or that of a family member, friend or associate. 
3.4.2 Price-sensitive information is any information which if it were generally 
available, a reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on 
the price or value of the Company’s shares or would be likely to 
influence a person in deciding whether to buy or sell the Company’s 
shares. 
3.5 Confidential information 
3.5.1 Directors, officers and employees also have a duty of confidentiality to 
the Company.  A person must not reveal any confidential information 
concerning the Company, use that information in any way which may 
cause loss to the Company, or use that information to gain an advantage 
for themselves or anyone else. 
3.6 Dealing in the Company’s shares 
3.6.1 Public companies are required to continuously disclose price sensitive 
information, so there is no particular period of time in which it can be 
automatically assumed that it is safe to trade in the Company’s shares.  
3.6.2 The only permissible time for directors, officers and employees of the 
Company to buy or sell the Company’s shares is when he or she is not in 
possession of price sensitive information.  
For personal use only

3 
 
3.6.3 Without limiting this principle, the following rules have been established 
to assist directors, officers and employees of the Company in fulfilling 
their obligations:  
(i) 
Directors, officers and employees must not engage in short term 
trading i.e. the buying and selling of the same parcel of shares (or 
part thereof) within a twelve month period.  
(ii) There is an absolute prohibition on any trading of shares in the four 
week period before the announcement of the full year and half year 
results (both unaudited and audited) and the Annual General 
Meeting.  
(iii) Directors, officers and employees must advise the Company 
Secretary in writing of the details of any completed transactions 
within 2 working days of the transaction.  The Company Secretary 
will be responsible for maintaining a record of disclosures. 
 
4.  Additional Trading Restrictions for Directors and Some Employees 
4.1 In addition to the General Policy for trading in the Company’s shares, 
additional restrictions on trading in the Company’s shares apply to directors of 
the Company, all executives reporting directly to the Managing Director and any 
other employees of the Company considered appropriate by the Managing 
Director from time to time (restricted persons). 
4.2 Restricted persons generally hold positions where it can be assumed that they 
will have inside information regarding the Company.  Accordingly, additional 
restrictions to the general law apply.  Restricted persons may only deal in 
Company shares as follows: 
4.2.1 If the dealing is not prohibited by the Corporations Act; and  
4.2.3 During the following “window periods”: 
(i) 
In the period between 1 day and 30 working days after the release 
of the Company’s Half Yearly Results announcement to the 
Australian Stock Exchange (“ASX”);  
(ii) In the period between 1 day and 30 working days after the release 
of the Company’s Full Year Results announcements to the ASX;  
(iii) In the period between 1 day and 30 working days after the close of 
the Company’s Annual General Meeting. 
and then only after checking with the Chairman (in the case of Directors) 
or Managing Director (in the case of executives). 
It is important to note that even when a trading “window period” is 
open restricted persons may not deal in Company shares if they are 
in possession of inside information. 
4.2.4 Outside of the above window periods (closed period) dealing in 
Company shares may in certain circumstances, including exceptional 
circumstances, occur if prior written approval is obtained. 
Prior to undertaking any trade during closed period restricted persons 
must obtain written approval as set out below: 
• 
The Chairman of the company must inform and secure written 
approval from the remainder of the Board. 
For personal use only

4 
 
• 
A Director of the company must inform and secure written 
approval from the Chairman.  
• 
A Executive of the company must inform and secure written 
approval from the Managing Director. 
Approval will only be given if the Board/Chairman/Managing Director is 
satisfied there is no price sensitive information which is not generally 
available to the market/public.  
4.2.5 Exceptional Circumstances – prior written approval for trading during 
closed period may be granted where severe financial circumstances arise 
which cannot be resolved other than by selling the company’s shares. 
 
5.  Exercising of Options 
5.1 Where the Company operates long term incentive plans, which give rise to the 
exercise of share options or the award of shares, participants in the plans: 
5.1.1 Participants must comply with the General Policy for trading in the 
Company’s shares where securities are being acquired through the 
exercise of options or the award of shares.  The policy continues to apply 
to the trading of those securities once they have been acquired. 
5.1.2 Participants are prohibited from entering into any scheme or arrangement 
to protect the value or lock in a price of those options or shares before 
the exercise or award date. 
 
6.  Trading excluded from policy 
6.1 Where the Company operates dividend reinvestment plans, share buy-back 
schemes or equity issues, as determined by the Company’s Board of Directors, 
these company initiated actions will be subject to the relevant legal requirements 
and will operate separate from, and not be subject to, this Share Trading Policy. 
 
7.  General 
7.1 Strict compliance with this policy is a condition of employment. 
7.2 The requirements imposed by this policy are separate from and additional to, the 
legal prohibitions in the Corporations Act on insider trading. 
For personal use only
