 
 
Summerset Group Holdings Limited 
Level 12, State Insurance Tower, 1 Willis St, Wellington 
PO Box 5187, Lambton Quay, Wellington 6145 
Phone: 04 894 7320 | Fax: 04 894 7319 
Website: www.summerset.co.nz 
 
 
 
NZX AND ASX RELEASE 
 
28 NOVEMBER 2014 
 
UPDATES TO SECURITIES TRADING POLICY AND GUIDELINES 
 
Summerset advises it has revised and updated its Securities Trading Policy and Guidelines.  
 
Changes include additional trading restrictions for Restricted Persons prior to the release of 
quarterly sales metrics and the application of trading restrictions for six months following the 
effective date of cessation of the employment or directorship of certain Restricted Persons. The 
changes have been made as part of a regular review of policies to ensure best practice. The 
New Zealand Shareholders Association have been consulted and provided assistance as part of 
this review. A revised copy may be found on the Summerset website at 
www.summerset.co.nz/investor-centre/corporate-governance/charters-policies/. 
 
ENDS 
 
For enquiries: 
 
 
 
 
Leanne Walker  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Company Secretary  
 
 
 
leanne.walker@summerset.co.nz 
 
 
 
04 894 7361 or 029 770 8189 
 
 
 
 
 
ABOUT SUMMERSET 
 
 
Summerset is a leading nationwide retirement village operator with a focus on providing 
residents with a continuum of care. The integration of care facilities into Summerset's 
villages provides residents with the knowledge that care is available for them should their 
needs change.  
 
Summerset is the third largest operator, and the second largest developer of retirement 
villages in New Zealand, with 19 villages across the country. In addition, Summerset has four 
quality land sites in Casebrook, Ellerslie, Lower Hutt and Wigram bringing the total number of 
sites to 23.  
 
The company is continually evaluating new sites to support the development of further 
villages based on demand. 
 
It provides a range of living options and aged-care facilities and services to more than 2,900 
residents. 
 
Summerset was named Best Retirement Village Operator in New Zealand and Australia at 
the Australasian Over-50s Housing Awards in 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013. 
 
Summerset's senior management team is led by CEO Julian Cook.  
 
The Summerset Group has villages in Aotea, Dunedin, Hamilton, Hastings, Havelock North, 
Hobsonville, Karaka, Katikati, Levin, Manukau, Napier, Nelson, New Plymouth, Palmerston 
North, Paraparaumu, Taupo, Trentham, Wanganui and Warkworth.  
 
 
 
For personal use only
