 
 
Starpharma Holdings Limited (Starpharma) 
Securities Dealing Policy 
 
 
1. POLICY OBJECTIVES  
 
The objectives of this policy are to:  
• 
explain the type of conduct in relation to dealings in securities that is prohibited under the 
relevant law and by Starpharma; 
• 
establish a best practice procedure for buying, selling or otherwise dealing in securities of 
Starpharma to protect both you and Starpharma; 
• 
assist Starpharma in meeting its reporting obligations under the Listing Rules of the Australian 
Securities Exchange Limited (ASX); and 
• 
ensure transparency with respect to dealing in securities of Starpharma by its directors and 
employees. 
 
This policy aims to protect you and Starpharma by setting out how and when you may and may not 
deal in securities of Starpharma to ensure that you do not abuse, and do not place yourself under 
suspicion of abusing, price sensitive information that you may have or be thought to have.  
 
If you do not understand this policy, or how it may apply to you, you should seek further advice from 
the Company Secretary. 
 
You should note that any breach of this policy may result in disciplinary action up to and including 
termination of your contract of employment or engagement, and that insider trading is a criminal 
offence.   
 
This policy is a summary of complex legal provisions and is therefore a general guide. It does not 
constitute legal advice. 
 
This policy was adopted by the board of directors of Starpharma on 16 April 2015. 
 
Does this policy apply to you? 
 
This policy applies to: 
• 
all directors (executive and non-executive) of Starpharma and its subsidiaries (Directors); 
and 
• 
all employees of and contractors to Starpharma and its subsidiaries. 
(collectively Employees).   
 
It is incumbent on each Employee to take all reasonable steps to ensure that an associate does not 
deal in securities of Starpharma where the dealing could be attributed to the Employee concerned 
and would involve a contravention of this policy if the dealing had been undertaken by the Employee 
concerned.   
 
An associate includes family members, friends and companies or other entities controlled by the 
Employee or their family members. Where notification or approval is required for dealing in 
securities, the relevant Employee is required to provide such notification or request such 
approval in respect of the associate’s dealing.  
 
For personal use only

 
Designated Persons of Starpharma are the Chief Executive Officer, the CFO, the Company 
Secretary, the key management personnel (having authority and responsibility for planning, directing 
and controlling the activities of the Starpharma group) (excluding Directors), direct reports of the CEO, 
direct reports of the CFO & Company Secretary, direct reports of Vice President Development & 
Regulatory Affairs, and any other Employee designated by the Company Secretary in consultation 
with the CEO from time to time.  
 
What are securities?  
 
Securities include:  
• 
ordinary shares; 
• 
preference shares;  
• 
American Depositary Receipts in relation to shares; 
• 
options or rights to shares; and 
• 
any other financial products traded on ASX. 
  
2. DEALING IN SECURITIES  
 
Insider trading rules in relation to dealing in securities  
 
The Corporations Act 2001 prohibits persons from dealing in securities while in possession of inside 
information (which, for the purposes of this policy, we will call price sensitive information).  
 
If you possess price sensitive information in relation to an entity you must not deal in the following 
ways:  
• 
buy or sell securities in that entity; 
• 
subscribe for new shares (e.g., in a capital raise); or   
• 
enter into an agreement to subscribe for, buy or sell, securities in the relevant entity.  
 
If you possess price sensitive information in relation to an entity you must not: 
• procure any other person to deal in securities in that entity; or 
• directly or indirectly communicate the price sensitive information to another person whom 
you believe, or ought reasonably to believe, is likely to deal in those securities or procure 
another to deal in those securities.  
 
For example, you must not suggest or encourage anyone else to deal in securities when you possess 
price sensitive information in relation to those securities and you must not communicate the price 
sensitive information to them if there is any risk that they may deal in those securities.  
 
Price sensitive information  
 
Price sensitive information is information which:  
• 
is not generally available; and 
• 
a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of the 
securities if that information was known. 
 
Information that is generally available  
 
Information is considered to be “generally available” if:  
• 
it can be easily observed; 
• 
it has been released to the ASX, published in an Annual Report or prospectus or is generally 
available to the investing public and a reasonable time has elapsed since the information was 
communicated; or 
• 
it may be deduced, inferred or concluded from the above. 
 
 
2 
For personal use only

 
Material effect on the price of securities  
 
Information would be likely to have a material effect on the price or value of the securities if the 
information would, or would likely to, influence persons who commonly deal in securities in deciding 
whether or not to acquire or dispose of those securities.  
 
While it is not possible to list all of the information that may have such a material effect, the following 
are some examples: 
• 
information regarding a material increase or decrease in Starpharma’s financial performance 
from previous results or previously announced forecasts; 
• 
a proposed material business or asset acquisition or sale, including takeovers; 
• 
a positive or negative clinical trial or regulatory submission result; 
• 
proposed material legal proceedings to be initiated by or against Starpharma; 
• 
regulatory action or investigations undertaken by a Government authority; 
• 
the launch of a new business or material new product; or 
• 
a proposal to undertake a new issue of shares or major change in financing. 
 
Under the Corporations Act 2001, the prohibition against insider trading applies to acts within 
Australia and acts outside Australia that involve the securities of Australian companies. Accordingly, 
the law against insider trading applies to the conduct relating to dealing of Starpharma securities 
which occurs both outside Australia as well as within Australia. Dealing in securities is a broad 
concept and covers more than simply buying or selling securities. It extends to exercising options 
over securities and entering agreements to buy or sell securities, but does not include a bona fide 
mortgage over the securities. 
 
3. HOW TO CORRECTLY DEAL IN SECURITIES  
 
a. Prohibited Trading Periods 
 
Subject to clause 3(b), trading in Starpharma securities or derivative products is not permitted during 
the following periods (each a “Prohibited Period”):  
  
• 
the period from 1 July to 24 hours after the release of the Company’s annual results;  
• 
the period from 1 January to 24 hours after the release of the Company’s half-year results; 
• 
the period from 7 days before the Company’s AGM to 24 hours after the Company’s AGM; 
and 
• 
Any other period communicated to you by the Company Secretary or authorised delegate.  
 
The start and end of a Prohibited Period will be notified by email.  
 
Subject to clause 3(b), during a Prohibited Period no dealing in Starpharma securities is 
permitted except in limited exceptional circumstances where prior written approval has 
been obtained, as detailed in clause 3(d).  
 
 
3 
For personal use only

 
b. Trading excluded from this Policy 
 
This policy does not preclude Employees from:  
i. 
acquiring securities as a result of:  
a. an offer under an employee incentive scheme operated by Starpharma; or 
b. a performance share right vesting, exercising options or converting convertible 
securities. However, this does not include the subsequent sale of the 
underlying shares following vesting, exercise or conversion.  
ii. 
investing or trading in a fund or scheme where the investment decisions are made by 
a third party, provided that the fund or scheme does not invest solely in Starpharma 
securities;  
iii. 
trading in securities by a relevant trustee (who is not also a beneficiary of the trust) 
and the decision to trade is made by other trustees or investment managers 
independent of that person;  
iv. 
undertaking to accept, or accepting, a takeover offer or scheme of arrangement; and
v. 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most security holders, including 
dividend reinvestment plans, share purchase plans, rights issues and equal access 
buy-backs, where the timing and structure of the plan has been approved by the 
Board; 
 
however, except in relation to clause 3(b)(i), trading of securities by Employees is only permitted 
when the particular person is not in possession of inside information (as defined in Division 3 of Part 
7.10 of the Corporations Act).  
 
Directors must provide immediate confirmation following any dealing in Starpharma securities in 
accordance with section 4 of this Policy.  
 
c. Trading Notification and Approval Requirements 
 
(i) 
Employees (excluding Designated Persons and Directors) – Notification 
required 
If it is not a Prohibited Period, unless you are a Designated Person or Director, you are permitted to 
trade in Starpharma securities without prior approval provided you have given at least 48 hours’ 
notice to the Company Secretary prior to trading, you are not in possession of inside information and 
your trades are conducted in accordance with this policy.  
   
(ii) 
Designated Persons  – Approval required 
All Designated Persons must give notice to the CEO and Company Secretary of their intention to deal 
in securities of Starpharma prior to dealing. You will receive a written response within 48 hours of the 
request and if approved, will outline the duration of the consent. 
 
(iii) 
Directors (excluding Chairman) – Approval required 
Directors must give at least 48 hours’ notice to the Chairman, the CEO and Company Secretary of 
their intention to deal in securities of Starpharma prior to dealing. Following consultation with the 
Chairman, the CEO or Company Secretary will provide a written response to your request within 48 
hours of the request and if approved, will outline the duration of the consent. 
 
(iv) 
Chairman – Approval required 
The Chairman must give at least 48 hours’ notice to the Board, the CEO and Company Secretary of 
his intention to deal in securities of Starpharma prior to dealing.  If any Board member has any 
concerns it should be raised within 36 hours of the request. Following consultation with the CEO and 
another non-executive director, the CEO or Company Secretary will provide a written response to the 
request within 48 hours of your request and if approved, will outline the duration of the consent. 
 
Directors must provide immediate confirmation following any dealing in Starpharma securities in 
accordance with section 4 of this Policy.  
 
 
4 
For personal use only

 
 
All notices, responses, submissions, consents, approvals and acknowledgments are required to be in 
written form (email is acceptable). 
 
Clearance to trade may be given or refused by Starpharma in its discretion, without giving any 
reasons, and a clearance to trade can be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a 
change in circumstances.  
 
Starpharma’s decision to refuse clearance to trade is final and binding on you and if clearance to 
trade is refused, you must keep that information confidential and not disclose it to anyone.  
 
APPROVAL BY THE APPROVING OFFICER TO TRADE DOES NOT PROTECT YOU FROM AN 
ACTION FOR INSIDER TRADING WHICH HAS SERIOUS LEGAL CONSEQUENCES (SEE 
SECTION 6).  
 
d. Trading during a Prohibited Period – Exceptional Circumstances 
 
(i) 
Employees (excluding Designated Persons and Directors) 
Employees (other than Designated Persons and Directors) may apply to the Company Secretary if 
they need to trade during a Prohibited Period due to exceptional circumstances. All written 
submissions will be considered by the Company Secretary in consultation with the CEO, and a 
decision made as to whether or not to permit the dealing.  
 
The submission must include the following information: 
(i) details of your exceptional circumstances; 
(ii) the number of securities of Starpharma that you wish to deal in; 
(iii) the way in which you wish to deal in those securities; 
(iv) a request for consent to deal in those securities; and 
(v) confirmation that you are not in possession of any price sensitive information. 
 
Exceptional circumstances under this policy are: 
(i) financial hardship which cannot reasonably be alleviated other than by dealing in securities of 
Starpharma; or 
(ii) a court order directing the dealing in securities of Starpharma. 
 
You will receive a written response within 48 hours of your request and it will outline the duration of 
the consent, if granted (which will be no more than 5 trading days). 
 
(ii) 
Designated Persons 
Designated Persons must make the same written submission to, and receive consent from, the Chief 
Executive Officer (“CEO”) or Company Secretary before dealing in securities of Starpharma during a 
Prohibited Period. 
 
(iii) 
Directors (excluding Chairman) 
A Director other than the Chairman must make the same written submission to the Chairman, CEO 
and Company Secretary, and receive consent from the Chairman, before dealing in securities of 
Starpharma during a Prohibited Period. 
 
(iv) 
Chairman 
The Chairman must make the same written submission to the Board, CEO and Company Secretary, 
and receive consent from the Board, before dealing in securities of Starpharma during a Prohibited 
Period. 
Directors must provide immediate confirmation following any dealing in Starpharma securities in 
accordance with section 4 of this Policy.  
 
The Company Secretary, CEO, Chairman or Board (the “Approving Officer”) must consider the 
objectives of this policy and the purpose of the ASX Listing Rules in making a determination as to 
 
5 
For personal use only

 
whether to consent to the Employee’s application to deal in securities of Starpharma during a 
Prohibited Period. 
 
All notices, responses, submissions, consents, approvals and acknowledgments are required to be in 
written form (email is acceptable). 
 
Clearance to trade may be given or refused by Starpharma in its discretion, without giving any 
reasons, and a clearance to trade can be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a 
change in circumstances.  
 
Starpharma’s decision to refuse clearance to trade is final and binding on you and if clearance to 
trade is refused, you must keep that information confidential and not disclose it to anyone.  
 
APPROVAL BY THE APPROVING OFFICER TO TRADE DOES NOT PROTECT YOU FROM AN 
ACTION FOR INSIDER TRADING WHICH HAS SERIOUS LEGAL CONSEQUENCES (SEE 
SECTION 6).  
 
e. Short term dealing not permitted  
 
Employees may not: 
• 
buy and sell (or sell and buy) Starpharma securities within a three-month period without 
written permission from the Company Secretary (in consultation with the CEO); or 
• 
enter into any other short-term dealings in Starpharma securities without written permission 
from the Company Secretary (in consultation with the CEO).  
 
The sale of shares which have been acquired as a result of an employee incentive scheme operated 
by Starpharma within three months of being acquired is not considered short term dealing, however 
remains subject to the notification and approval procedures detailed in clauses 3(c) and (d) (as 
appropriate).  
 
f. Margin loan arrangements not permitted 
 
Margin loan arrangements must not be entered into by Employees.  
 
For the purposes of this policy, a margin loan is defined as a facility that provides for the borrowing of 
money against the value of Starpharma securities, where the loan is secured by those Starpharma 
securities, and the lender may be entitled, or the client may be required, to dispose of some of the 
Starpharma securities to reduce the loan-to-value ratio of the facility. 
 
 
g. Hedging not permitted 
 
Employees may not enter into any transaction which would have the effect of hedging or otherwise 
transferring to any other person the risk of any fluctuation in the value of: 
 
(a) Securities in the Company which are subject to a restriction on disposal under an employee 
share or incentive plan; or 
(b) Options or performance rights (or any unvested securities in the Company underlying them) 
(“Hedging Transactions”). 
 
In addition to the restrictions contained in this Policy, key management personnel (including 
Directors) and their closely related parties are prohibited from entering into Hedging Transactions by 
the Corporations Act 2001.  
  
 
6 
For personal use only

 
4. CONFIRMATION BY DIRECTORS FOR COMPLIANCE 
 
All Directors must give immediate notice to the Company Secretary following any dealing by them or 
an associate in securities of Starpharma, including the individual/entity who dealt in the securities, the 
number and price of securities dealt with and the nature of the trade (e.g., on market, etc) so that 
the ASX can be informed as required under the ASX Listing Rules and the Corporations Act 2001.  
 
5. SECURITIES IN OTHER COMPANIES  
 
You must not deal in securities of other companies if you possess price sensitive information in 
relation to that other company. Through your work at Starpharma, you may become aware of price 
sensitive information relating to Starpharma’s customers or partners.  
 
For example, if you possess price sensitive information in relation to Starpharma entering into a major 
agreement with another company, you should not buy securities in Starpharma or the other company 
as this may breach the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 or similar legislation in 
other countries. 
 
6. PENALTIES  
 
A breach of this policy may result in termination of your employment or engagement with 
Starpharma.  
 
In addition, if you are convicted of insider trading the penalties can be serious, and may include any 
or all of the following:  
• 
criminal liability (a fine or imprisonment for up to 5 years, or both); 
• 
civil liability (a pecuniary or monetary penalty); and/or 
• 
you may be required to pay compensation.  
 
7. STARPHARMA CONTACT  
 
If you are in any doubt regarding your proposed dealing in securities you should contact the 
Company Secretary. 
 
7 
For personal use only
