 
 
 
 
Share Trading Policy 
Clean TeQ Holdings Limited ACN 127 457 916 (Company) 
For personal use only

  
 
Share Trading Policy | page 2 
 
Share Trading Policy 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1 
The securities of the Company are listed on ASX.   
1.2 
This policy outlines: 
(a) 
when directors, senior management and other Employees may deal in Company 
Securities; 
(b) 
when directors, senior management and other Employees may deal in listed securities of 
another entity (because they may obtain inside information about another entity's 
securities while performing their duties for the Group); and 
(c) 
procedures to reduce the risk of insider trading. 
2. 
Defined terms 
In this policy: 
Approving Officer means: 
(a) 
for an Employee or Designated Officer who is not a director, the Managing Director or 
CEO; 
(b) 
for a director (except the chairperson of the Audit Committee), the chairperson of the 
Audit Committee; and 
(c) 
for the chairperson of the Audit Committee, the Managing Director or CEO.  
ASX means ASX Limited. 
Blackout Period means each period between the first of January, April, July and October and the 
date of the release of the Company's quarterly results to ASX or such other time as declared by 
the Managing Director or CEO in writing to Employees and Directors as appropriate. 
Company Securities includes: 
(a) 
shares in the Company or a Group member,  
(b) 
options over the shares set out in paragraph (a), but excludes the conversion of options 
into the shares set out in paragraph (a) which can be made at any time subject to the terms 
of the underlying option, 
(c) 
any other financial products of the Group traded on ASX; and  
(d) 
any derivative or associated instruments the value of which is determined (in whole or in 
part) by any security listed in paragraph (a), (b) or (c). 
Designated Officer means a director or person engaged in the management of the Group, whether 
as an Employee or consultant (ie key management personnel). 
Employee means Group employees and any contractor or consultant who is regularly engaged by 
the Company or has been engaged by the Company for at least two continuous weeks over the 
past year. 
Executive Trading Windows means each four week period after the date of: 
For personal use only

  
 
Share Trading Policy | page 3 
 
(a) 
24 hours after the release of the Company's half year results to ASX; 
(b) 
24 hours after the announcement of the Company's full year results to ASX; and 
(c) 
24 hours after the Company's annual general meeting. 
or such other time as declared by the Managing Director or CEO in writing to all Employees and 
Directors as appropriate. 
Group means the Company and each of its controlled entities. 
Inside Information has the meaning given in clause 4. 
3. 
Insider trading 
3.1 
If a person has information about securities and the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, 
that the information is inside information, it is likely to be illegal for the person to: 
(a) 
deal in the securities; 
(b) 
procure another person to deal in the securities; or 
(c) 
give the information to another person who the person knows, or ought reasonably to 
know, is likely to:  
(i) 
deal in the securities; or 
(ii) 
procure someone else to deal in the securities. 
3.2 
Insider trading is a criminal offence.  It is punishable by substantial fines or imprisonment or both.  
A company may also be liable if an employee or director engages in insider trading. 
3.3 
Insider trading may also attract civil penalties.  A court may impose substantial pecuniary 
penalties for insider trading and order payment of compensation to persons who suffer loss or 
damage because of insider trading.  
4. 
What is inside information? 
4.1 
Inside Information is information that: 
(a) 
is not generally available; and 
(b) 
if it were generally available, would, or would be likely to, influence persons who 
commonly invest in securities in deciding whether to acquire or dispose of the relevant 
securities. 
4.2 
Information is generally available if it: 
(a) 
is readily observable; 
(b) 
has been made known in a manner likely to bring it to the attention of persons who 
commonly invest in securities of the relevant type and a reasonable period for that 
information to be disseminated has elapsed since it was made known; or 
(c) 
consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information falling 
under paragraphs 4.2(a) or 4.2(b). 
For personal use only

  
 
Share Trading Policy | page 4 
 
5. 
What is dealing in securities? 
5.1 
Dealing in securities includes: 
(a) 
applying for, acquiring or disposing of, securities; 
(b) 
entering into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of, securities; and 
(c) 
granting, accepting, acquiring, disposing, exercising or discharging an option or other 
right or obligation to acquire or dispose of securities. 
other than acquiring securities pursuant to the Group Employee Incentive Plan. 
5.2 
A decision to join, or subscribe for Company Securities under, any dividend reinvestment plan or 
other corporate action open to all shareholders is not dealing in Company Securities. 
6. 
When Employees may not deal 
An Employee (who is not a Designated Officer) may not deal or procure another person to deal in 
Company Securities or the listed securities of another entity if he or she has information that he or 
she knows, or ought reasonably to know, is inside information in relation to Company Securities 
or those securities of the other entity.  
Subject to paragraph 10, Employees may not deal in Company Securities during the Blackout 
Period. 
7. 
When a Designated Officer may deal 
7.1 
Subject to paragraph 8.1, a Designated Officer may only deal in Company Securities: 
(a) 
during the Executive Trading Windows, so long as he or she immediately notifies the 
Approving Officer of the dealing; or 
(b) 
outside the Executive Trading Windows (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not during a 
Blackout Period), if he or she has complied with paragraph 9. 
7.2 
A Designated Officer may deal in the listed securities of another entity if he or she does not have 
information that he or she knows, or ought reasonably to know, is inside information in relation to 
those securities. 
8. 
When a Designated Officer may not deal 
8.1 
A Designated Officer may not deal or procure another person to deal in Company Securities: 
(a) 
if he or she has information that he or she knows, or ought reasonably to know, is inside 
information in relation to Company Securities;  
(b) 
during a Blackout Period; or  
(c) 
outside the Executive Trading Windows, if he or she has not complied with paragraph 9.  
8.2 
A Designated Officer may not deal or procure another person to deal in the listed securities of 
another entity if he or she has information that he or she knows, or ought reasonably to know, is 
inside information in relation to those securities. 
For personal use only

  
 
Share Trading Policy | page 5 
 
9. 
Clearance from the Approving Officer 
9.1 
Before dealing in Company Securities under paragraph 7.1(b), a Designated Officer must first 
inform the Approving Officer and obtain clearance by completing and forwarding a Notification 
Form to Deal in Company securities [Attachment A] with Part A duly completed to the 
Approving Officer. 
9.2 
  However, the Approving Officer may not give clearance under paragraph 9.1 if: 
(a) 
there is a matter about which there is inside information in relation to Company Securities 
(whether or not the Designated Officer knows about the matter) when the Designated 
Officer requests clearance or proposes to deal in Company Securities; or 
(b) 
the Approving Officer has any other reason to believe that the proposed dealing breaches 
this policy. 
9.3 
The Approving Officer must: 
(a) 
keep a written record of: 
(i) 
any information received from a Designated Officer in connection with this policy; 
and 
(ii) 
any clearance given under this policy; and 
(b) 
send a copy of the written record to the Company secretary for keeping. 
9.4 
The Company secretary must keep a file of any written record referred to in paragraph 9.3. 
10. Exceptional circumstances 
10.1 
The Approving Officer may give clearance for an Employee or Designated Officer to Deal in 
Company Securities in exceptional circumstances where the Designated Officer would otherwise 
not be able to do so under this policy.  For example, if the Designated Officer has a pressing 
financial commitment that cannot otherwise be satisfied.  
10.2 
Before dealing in Company Securities, an Employee or Designated Officer must first inform the 
Approving Officer and obtain clearance by completing and forwarding a Notification Form to 
Deal in Company securities [Attachment A] with Part A duly completed to the Approving Officer  
10.3 
The Approving Officer will decide if circumstances are exceptional. 
11. Dealings by associates and investment managers 
11.1 
If an Employee or Designated Officer may not deal in the Company Securities, he or she must 
prohibit any dealing in the Company Securities by: 
(a) 
any associates; or 
(b) 
any investment manager on their behalf or on behalf of any associates. 
11.2 
For the purposes of paragraph 11.1, a Designated Officer must: 
(a) 
inform any investment manager or associate of the periods during which the Designated 
Officer may and may not deal in Company Securities; and 
(b) 
request any investment manager or associate to inform the Designated Officer 
immediately after they have dealt in Company Securities. 
For personal use only

  
 
Share Trading Policy | page 6 
 
11.3 
A Designated Officer does not have to comply with paragraphs 11.1 and 11.2 to the extent that to 
do so would breach their obligations of confidence to the Group. 
12. Communicating inside information 
12.1 
If an Employee (including a Designated Officer) has information that he or she knows, or ought 
reasonably to know, is inside information in relation to Company Securities or the listed securities 
of another entity, the Employee must not directly or indirectly communicate that information to 
another person if he or she knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the other person would or 
would be likely to:  
(a) 
deal in Company Securities or those securities of the other entity; or  
(b) 
procure another person to deal in Company Securities or the securities of the other entity. 
12.2 
An Employee must not inform colleagues (except the Approving Officer) about inside 
information or its details. 
13. Speculative dealing 
An Employee or Designated Officer may not deal in Company Securities on considerations of a 
short term nature. 
14. Dealings to limit economic risk 
Employees and Designated Officers are not permitted to enter into transactions (includes, but is 
not limited to, hedging arrangements, margin loans and / or share lending arrangements) in 
Company Securities (or any derivative thereof) which operate to limit the economic risk of 
holding any security in the Company or any vested or unvested entitlements to securities in the 
Company under any equity based remuneration schemes offered by the Company (or any member 
of the Group).   
15. Breach of policy 
A breach of this policy by an Employee or Designated Officer is serious and may lead to 
disciplinary action, including dismissal in serious cases.  It may also be a breach of the law. 
16. Distribution of policy 
This policy must be distributed to all Employees and Designated Officers. 
17. Assistance and additional information 
Employees who are unsure about any information they may have in their possession, and whether 
they can use that information for dealing in securities, should contact the Approving Officers. 
18. Approved and adopted 
This policy was approved and adopted by the Board on 21 February 2018. 
 
For personal use only

  
 
Share Trading Policy | page 7 
 
ATTACHMENT A - NOTIFICATION FORM TO DEAL IN COMPANY SECURITIES 
PART A: 
For completion by Employee or Designated Officer 
 
Name of Employee or Designated 
Officer 
 
Estimated number of securities to be 
transacted (ie. number and type of 
securities) 
 
Type of Transaction (ie. sale, purchase, 
subscription, agreement) 
 
Proposed Date of Transaction 
 
 
I confirm that: 
1.1 I am not in possession of any unpublished information which, if generally available, might 
materially affect the price or value of the Company’s securities;  
1.2 I am not involved in any short term or speculative trading in Company securities;  
1.3 I am not hedging the risk of any fluctuation in value of any unvested entitlement in Company 
securities; and 
1.4 the transaction in the Company’s securities described above does not contravene the rules of the 
Company concerning dealing in Company securities. 
I acknowledge that this approval to trade is value for only fourteen (14) days from the date indicated 
below, unless otherwise revoked earlier by notice in writing. 
 
Signed: …………………………............... 
 
Dated: …………………………............... 
 
PART B: 
For Completion by Approving Officer 
I confirm that I am not aware of any circumstances pursuant to which the Employee or Designated 
Officer named above is or is likely to be in possession of unpublished information which, if generally 
available, might materially affect the price or value of the Company’s securities. 
 
Name: …………………………............... 
 
Title: …………………………............... 
 
Signature: …………………………............... 
 
Dated: …………………………............... 
 
The completed form is to be sent to the Approving Officer. 
For personal use only
