4 September 2020 
 
 
 
Updated Securities Trading Policy  
 
 
 
Strike Energy Limited (Strike - ASX: STX “Company”) advises that following a review of its 
governance policies and procedures, the Company’s Securities Trading Policy has been 
updated with effect from 4 September 2020. 
 
A copy of the updated Securities Trading Policy is available at the Company’s website at 
www.strikeenergy.com.au/corporate-governance/ and is attached to this release. 
 
This announcement is authorised by Stuart Nicholls, Managing Director & Chief Executive 
Officer of Strike in accordance with the Company’s Continuous Disclosure Policy. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Company Contact 
Investor & Media Relations 
Stuart Nicholls  
Managing Director & CEO 
email: stuart.nicholls@strikeenergy.com.au  
 
Paul Ryan 
Citadel-MAGNUS  
Phone: 0409 296 511 
Email: pryan@citadelmagnus.com
 
 
ASX: STX The Company Announcement Officer ASX Ltd via electronic lodgement 
For personal use only

Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities trading policy  
Strike Energy Limited 
ACN 078 012 745 
 
 
Approved: 4 September 2020 
For personal use only

Page 2 of 7 
 
 
Strike Energy Limited 
ACN 078 012 745 
(Company) 
 
 
Securities trading policy 
 
 
1. 
Introduction 
 
1.1 
This policy has been implemented to prevent ‘insider trading’ in Securities of the Company by 
Strike personnel. It also imposes disclosure requirements on Directors. 
 
1.2 
This policy outlines: 
 
(1) 
when trading in the Company’s Securities by Strike personnel is permitted (Paragraph 6.1); 
 
(2) 
outlines when trading in Securities of certain other companies by Strike personnel is not 
permitted (Paragraph 4.6); 
 
(3) 
how approvals are to be sought by Strike personnel prior to trading in Securities 
(Paragraphs 5.2 to 5.7); and 
 
(4) 
sets out procedures to reduce the risk of insider trading. 
 
1.3 
The Company is committed to ensuring that Strike personnel act in accordance with the 
Company’s values and strategies, including to act at all times in accordance with applicable laws. 
 
2. 
Objectives 
 
2.1 
The objectives of this policy are to: 
 
(1) 
ensure that Strike personnel are aware of the legal restrictions on trading Securities in 
the Company while a person is in possession of Inside Information in relation to the 
Company; 
 
(2) 
minimise the risk of Strike personnel contravening the laws against insider trading; 
 
(3) 
assist in ensuring the Company is able to meet its reporting obligations under the ASX 
Listing Rules; 
 
(4) 
assist in ensuring the Company complies with the principles of good corporate 
governance and best practice recommendations set out by the ASX Corporate 
For personal use only

Page 3 of 7 
 
 
Governance Council; and 
 
(5) 
increase transparency with respect to trading in the Securities of the Company by Strike 
personnel. 
 
2.2 
To achieve these objectives this policy is binding on all Strike personnel. 
 
 
 
3. 
Definitions and interpretation 
 
3.1 
In this policy, unless the context otherwise requires: 
 
(1) 
Act means the Corporations Act 2001; 
 
(2) 
Associated persons refers to contractors, consultants, advisors or key suppliers that by 
virtue of their role or relationship with the Company or a controlled entity of the 
Company have access to information that has or could reasonably be deemed to be 
Inside Information; 
 
(3) 
Business Day has the meaning given in the ASX Listing Rules; 
 
(4) 
Deal in Securities means apply for, acquire or dispose of Securities in the relevant entity, 
or enter into an agreement to apply for, or acquire, or dispose of any such Securities, and 
includes procuring another person to do any of these things, and Dealing in Securities 
has a corresponding meaning; 
 
(5) 
Inside Information is information that is: 
 
(a) 
not generally available (as defined in section 1042C of the Act; see below); and 
 
(b) 
if it were generally available (as defined in section 1042C of the Act), a 
reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect (as defined in 
section 1042D of the Act) on the price or value of the relevant Securities; 
 
Information is generally available if:  it consists of readily observable matter; or it has been 
publicly disclosed by an announcement to ASX and a reasonable period for its 
dissemination among investors has elapsed; or it consists of deductions, conclusions or 
inferences made or drawn from other generally available information. 
 
(6) 
Prohibited Period has the meaning given in paragraph 6.1; 
 
(7) 
Securities include shares, debentures, options to acquire shares or debentures, and 
derivatives; 
 
(8) 
Strike personnel means key management personnel (including Directors, officers, senior 
executives), and employees of the Company and its controlled or associated entities (and 
in certain circumstances Associated persons of the Company and its controlled or 
associated entities). 
For personal use only

Page 4 of 7 
 
 
 
4. 
Insider trading 
 
4.1 
Insider trading is unlawful. A person undertakes insider trading in relation to the Securities of the 
Company if that person Deals (or advises or procures another person to Deal) in the Company’s 
Securities while possessing Inside Information in relation to the Company (even if the person has 
a clearance to Deal in Securities from the Company under this policy). 
 
4.2 
It is also insider trading if a person in possession of Inside Information in relation to the Securities 
of the Company discloses that Inside Information to another person if the first person knows, or 
ought reasonably to know, that the second person would or would be likely to Deal (or procure 
someone else to Deal) in Securities of the Company. . 
 
4.3 
Insider trading is a criminal offence. It is punishable by substantial fines or imprisonment or both 
under the Act. 
 
4.4 
Insider trading may also attract civil penalties. A court may impose substantial pecuniary 
penalties on persons who engage in insider trading and order payment of compensation to 
persons who suffer loss or damage as a result of insider trading in the Company’s Securities. 
 
4.5 
Strike personnel will or may, from time to time, be in a situation where they are in possession of 
Inside Information. Some examples are the period shortly prior to the release of annual or half-
yearly results to the ASX and the period during which a confidential major transaction is being 
negotiated. 
 
4.6 
The prohibition on insider trading is not restricted to Inside Information relating to the Company’s 
Securities. If you possess Inside Information in relation to Securities of another company or 
entity, including suppliers or customers of the Company, you must not deal in those Securities. 
Examples of situations where you may be in possession of Inside Information in relation to 
Securities of another company and therefore prohibited from Dealing in Securities of that 
company are as follows: 
 
(1) 
in the course of negotiating a transaction with the Company, another company 
provides confidential information about itself to you; 
 
(2) 
in the course of negotiating a transaction with the Company, another company 
provides confidential information about a third party to you; or 
 
(3) 
you are aware of confidential information concerning a proposed transaction or 
other action by the Company that might have a material effect on a third party. 
 
4.7 
Written approval under this policy must be sought prior to any Dealings in Securities of the 
Company taking place. These approval requirements are set out in more detail in paragraph 5. 
 
4.8 
Notwithstanding anything in this policy, Strike personnel each have an individual responsibility to 
ensure they comply with all laws relating to insider trading. Approvals under this policy are not 
an endorsement of a proposed Dealing in Securities. A dealing may breach insider trading laws 
For personal use only

Page 5 of 7 
 
 
even if approval is obtained under this policy. Strike personnel should consider carefully whether 
they possess any Inside Information that might preclude trading, and if there is any doubt, they 
should not trade. 
 
5. 
When Strike personnel may Deal in Securities 
 
5.1 
Strike personnel may only Deal in Securities of the Company if: 
 
(1) 
they have satisfied themselves that they are not in possession of any Inside Information; 
 
(2) 
they have obtained the necessary written permissions in accordance with paragraph 5.2; 
and 
 
(3) 
the Company is outside of a Prohibited Period, being: 
 
(a) 
a "Closed trading period" (as defined in paragraph 6.1); and 
(b) 
any additional period when Strike personnel are prohibited from Dealing in 
Securities of the Company, which is imposed by the Board from time to time 
and notified to Strike personnel (including by email).  
 
In addition, certain Dealings in Securities are excluded from the operation of this policy under 
paragraph 8.1. 
 
5.2 
Before undertaking a Dealing in Securities of the Company (other than a dealing referred to in 
paragraph 8), Strike personnel must, whether or not in a Prohibited Period, obtain written 
approval for the Dealing from: 
 
(1) 
in the case of employees or Associated persons, the Managing Director or in his or her 
absence, the Company Secretary; 
 
(2) 
in the case of a Director or their associates (including spouses and de facto spouses or 
the Director’s parents or children), the Chair, or in his or her absence, the Managing 
Director; 
 
(3) 
in the case of the Managing Director, the Chair or, in his or her absence, the Chair of the 
Audit and Risk Committee; or 
 
(4) 
in the case of the Chair, the Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee. 
 
5.3 
When seeking approval Strike personnel must confirm that they are not in possession of 
any Inside Information and provide details of the proposed Dealing in Securities (e.g. number and 
type of Securities and nature of the proposed Dealing, including if paragraph 9 is applicable, 
evidence of exceptional circumstances and why disposal is the only reasonable course of action). 
The ‘Request to trade in securities of the company’ form must be completed when seeking 
approval, and is available. 
 
For personal use only

Page 6 of 7 
 
 
5.4 
Any approval obtained under paragraph 5.2 will be valid for a period of up to 5 business days after 
the approval is given, as determined by the person granting approval. Strike personnel must not 
Deal in Securities if they come into possession of Inside Information after obtaining approval. 
 
5.5 
The Company has full discretion to give or refuse approval and may refuse to grant approval 
without giving reasons. The Company may also withdraw approval if it receives new information 
or there is a change in circumstances after approval is given. If approval is refused that decision 
is final and binding on the Strike personnel who submitted the request to Deal in Securities, and 
the person must keep the fact of the refusal confidential and not disclose it to anyone. 
 
5.6 
The Company secretary must maintain a written record of all written requests to Deal in 
Securities and the decisions made in relation to those requests.  
5.7 
Strike personnel must not communicate Inside Information to a person who the Strike personnel 
knows, or ought reasonably to know, would or would be likely to Deal (or procure someone else 
to Deal) in Securities of the Company. 
 
5.8 
Strike personnel must not recommend or otherwise suggest to any person (including a spouse, 
relative, friend, trustee of a family trust or Directors of a family company) that they Deal in 
Securities where the Strike personnel is in possession of Inside Information. 
 
6. 
Closed trading periods 
 
6.1 
The Company’s Closed trading periods commences at the end of quarter until the release of 
the following announcements: 
 
(1) 
the day a quarterly report is announced; 
 
(2) 
the day half year results are announced;  
 
(3) 
the day full year results are announced; and 
 
(4) 
the day of the Company’s annual general meeting. 
 
The Board may by notice to Strike personnel (including by email) vary any Closed Period before 
or during the relevant period. 
 
Strike personnel are required to wait at least 1 full Business Day (i.e. a full 24 hour trading cycle) 
after the relevant release or meeting before Dealing in Securities so that the market has had time 
to absorb this information. 
 
For other announcements (not specified above), Strike personnel are required to wait at least 4 
trading hours before dealing in Securities in accordance with paragraph 7.1 so that the market has 
had time to absorb this information. 
 
 
 
7. 
Excluded Dealings 
For personal use only

Page 7 of 7 
 
 
 
7.1 
Subject always to the prohibition against insider trading (that is, you must not undertake the 
following if you are in possession of Inside Information), the following Dealings in the 
Company’s Securities are excluded from the operation of this policy: 
 
(1) 
transfers which result in no change in the beneficial interest in the Securities; 
 
(2) 
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in the Company’s Securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are 
invested at the discretion of a third party; 
 
(3) 
where Strike personnel are a trustee, trading in the Company’s Securities by that trust 
provided the individual impacted by this policy is not a beneficiary of the trust and any 
decision to Deal in Securities during a prohibited period is taken by the other trustees or 
by the investment managers independently of this individual; 
 
(4) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer or scheme of 
arrangement; 
 
(5) 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the Security holders, such as a 
rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an 
equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the 
offer has been approved by the Board; 
 
(6) 
a disposal of Securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising its rights; 
 
(7) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, Securities the subject of a current 
prospectus or other form of disclosure document the Company has issued; 
 
 
(8) 
the exercise (but not sale of Securities following exercise) of an option or a right under an 
employee incentive share scheme, or the conversion of a convertible security; and 
 
(9) 
trading under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior clearance has been 
provided in accordance with procedures set out in the trading policy and where: 
 
(a) 
Strike personnel did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a Prohibited 
Period; 
 
(b) 
the trading plan does not permit Strike personnel to exercise any influence or 
discretion over how, when or whether to Deal in Securities; and 
 
(c) 
Strike personnel may not cancel the trading plan or cancel or otherwise vary the 
terms of his or her participation in the trading plan during a Prohibited Period 
other than in exceptional circumstances. 
 
For personal use only

Page 8 of 7 
 
 
8. 
Exceptional circumstances – permission to Deal 
 
8.1 
In exceptional circumstances where disposal of Securities is the only reasonable course of 
action available, approval may be given by the Chair and at least one other non-executive 
Director for Strike personnel to sell (but not to purchase) Securities of the Company during a 
Prohibited Period. The process for obtaining approval is as set out in paragraph 5. 
 
8.2 
Examples of the type of circumstances which may be considered exceptional for these purposes 
would be severe financial hardship on the part of the individual that can only be satisfied by 
selling the Securities, or a requirement to Deal in Securities to satisfy an overriding legal or 
regulatory obligation (e.g. a court ordered settlement). 
 
8.3 
The determination of whether the circumstances are exceptional for this purpose must be made 
by the Chair and at least one other non-executive Director. 
 
8.4 
Notwithstanding anything in this paragraph 9 or otherwise in this policy, Strike personnel must 
not Deal in Securities of the Company if they are in possession of Inside Information. 
 
9. 
Notification of directors’ dealings in Securities 
 
9.1 
A Director of a listed company must notify the ASX within 14 days of acquiring or disposing of a 
relevant interest in any Securities of the Company (section 205G of the Act). This is an obligation 
of the Director, not the Company. There is no prescribed form for such notifications. 
 
9.2 
The Company (in this case as the agent of the director for the purposes of section 205G of the 
Act) must notify the ASX of dealing in Securities by Directors within 5 Business Days (ASX Listing 
Rules 3.19A and 3.19B). 
 
9.3 
Three appendices are included in the ASX Listing Rules for the purpose of this notification: 
 
(1) 
3X: Initial Director’s Interest Notice; 
 
(2) 
3Y: Change of Director’s Interest Notice; and 
 
(3) 
3Z: Final Director’s Interest Notice. 
 
9.4 
Where an Appendix 3Y is lodged with ASX, the Director’s obligations under section 205G of the 
Act will be satisfied. 
 
10. 
Notification to the Company Secretary 
 
10.1 
Key management personnel must notify the Company Secretary within 2 Business Days of 
acquiring or disposing of a relevant interest in any Securities in the Company or on ceasing or 
becoming a substantial shareholder of the Company (and Directors must also provide such other 
For personal use only

Page 9 of 7 
 
 
information as required by the Company to submit an Appendix 3Y to ASX).  
 
11. 
Breach of policy 
 
11.1 
A breach of this policy by Strike personnel will be regarded seriously. It may constitute a breach 
of the law and it will lead to disciplinary action being taken against the individual that may result 
in summary dismissal of the individual and other proceedings.  
11.2 
Strike Personnel must take reasonable steps to prohibit any of their closely related parties 
(including spouse, children, family companies and family trusts) from engaging in any activity that 
would breach this policy. Strike Personnel must immediately notify the Company secretary if 
they become aware of any of their closely related parties engage in conduct which breaches, or 
may breach, this policy.  
 
12. 
Speculative dealing, hedging and margin loans 
 
12.1 
Strike personnel must not at any time engage in short-term or speculative trading in, or short 
selling of, Securities of the Company. 
 
12.2 
Strike personnel must not at any time enter into any transaction (e.g. a derivative) which would 
have the effect of hedging or otherwise transferring the risk of fluctuation in value of any 
options issued to them under any Company employee option plan prior to vesting of the 
options. 
 
12.3 
Strike personnel must not enter into any margin loan (or other borrowing that uses Securities as 
security) where there is a risk that Company Securities will be traded pursuant to the terms of 
the loan, unless the person has the prior approval of the Chair (or in his or her absence the Chair 
of the Audit and Risk Committee). A request for approval must provide details of the margin 
loan including the number of Securities involved, the trigger points, the right of the lender to 
sell the Securities and any other material details (and any other details required by the Chair). 
 
13. 
Further information and updates 
 
13.1 
If Strike personnel have any query about the application of this policy, they should consult the 
Managing Director or Company secretary. In addition for details of the Company’s continuous 
disclosure requirements, reference should be made to the Continuous disclosure policy.  
13.2 
This policy shall be reviewed periodically to check that it is operating effectively and whether 
any changes to it are require .  
13.3 
Material changes to this policy will be advise to ASX in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10.  
 
For personal use only
