ASX announcement
1 
Suncorp Group Limited | ABN 66 145 290 124 | Level 23, 80 Ann Street, Brisbane Qld 4000 
suncorpgroup.com.au 
  10 May 2022 
Suncorp Securities Trading Policy
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, attached is Suncorp Group Limited’s (ASX: SUN | ADR: SNMCY) 
updated Securities Trading Policy. 
Authorised for lodgement with the ASX by the Company Secretary. 
ENDS 
For more information contact: 
Media 
James Spence 
+61 436 457 886
james.spence@suncorp.com.au
Analysts / Investors 
Kyran McGushin 
+61 438 087 980
kyran.mcgushin@suncorp.com.au
For personal use only

SUNCORP SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 1 OF 8 
SUNCORP SECURITIES 
TRADING POLICY 
— 
Objective 
The key objective of this Policy is to set out the minimum expectations, rules and procedures to: 
 help Suncorp Directors, Employees and Contractors to minimise their risk of breaching the Insider Trading 
provisions of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) when Dealing in Securities; and 
 promote investor confidence in the integrity of the market for Suncorp Securities, and protect Suncorp’s reputation 
from the damage it could suffer if that confidence were to be undermined by any Insider Trading, or perception of 
Insider Trading. 
Refer to the Key Terms section of this Policy for full definitions of the defined terms used in this Policy 
Application 
This Policy regulates Dealing by Suncorp Directors, Employees and Contractors in Securities in any company, 
including Suncorp Securities. 
There are additional restrictions on Dealing in Suncorp Securities by Prescribed Persons and their Connected 
Persons. 
Policy Statements 
1.
Insider Trading is prohibited when Dealing in any Securities
All Suncorp Directors, Employees and Contractors must comply with the Insider Trading provisions of the Corporations 
Act at all times. 
During the course of their roles, Suncorp Directors, Employees and Contractors may obtain Price Sensitive 
Information about Suncorp, or other companies with which Suncorp is conducting business or negotiating. 
Any person who possesses Price Sensitive Information in relation to a company must not Deal in Securities of that 
company. This applies even where the Dealing occurs: 
a)
After clearance to deal in Suncorp Securities has been provided under this Policy;
b)
If a waiver is granted under this Policy;
c)
Outside the Closed Periods set out in this Policy; and / or
d)
In the Exceptional Circumstances set out in this Policy.
Important note: Insider Trading laws also prohibit any person from: 
a)
Giving another person Price Sensitive Information to enable that person (or someone else) to Deal in
Securities; and
b)
Getting someone else to Deal in Securities.
For personal use only

SUNCORP SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 2 OF 8 
2.
Prescribed Persons and their Connected Persons are subject to restrictions when Dealing in Suncorp
Securities
Prescribed Persons and their Connected Persons are deemed to be in possession of Price Sensitive Information 
during Closed Periods and therefore may not Deal in Suncorp Securities during Closed Periods, unless they have 
been granted a waiver to Deal due to Exceptional Circumstances (refer to Section 8). 
Outside of Closed Periods, Prescribed Persons and their Connected Persons are required to obtain clearance before 
Dealing in Suncorp Securities (refer to Section 4). 
If a Prescribed Person or Connected Person comes into possession of Price Sensitive Information after receiving a 
waiver or clearance to Deal, and before Dealing under this Policy they must not Deal, despite having received the 
waiver or clearance. 
3.
Certain types of Dealing in Suncorp Securities are exempt
The risk of Insider Trading, or the appearance of Insider Trading, is considered low for certain types of Dealing in Suncorp 
Securities. The following types of “Exempt Dealing” are exempt from the restriction on Dealing during Closed Periods 
and the requirement to obtain clearance to Deal as set out in Section 2: 
a)
no change in beneficial owner: an off-market transaction in Suncorp Securities, where there is no effective
change in the beneficial owner (such as a transfer to a family trust or a self-managed superannuation fund).
However, where proposed to be undertaken by a Suncorp Director or their Connected Person, clearance to Deal
must still be sought under Section 4;
b)
takeover offer: a disposal of Suncorp Securities arising from acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme of
arrangement or equal access buy-back;
c)
pro-rata issue: an acquisition of Suncorp Securities under a pro-rata issue or a disposal of rights acquired
under a pro-rata issue (e.g. a rights issue);
d)
dividend reinvestment plan “DRP” or security purchase plan “SPP”: an acquisition of Suncorp Securities under a
DRP or SPP where the Prescribed Person or their Connected Person did not commence or amend their
participation in the plan during a Closed Period (noting that this Policy does not permit Prescribed Persons or their
Connected Persons to withdraw from such plans during a Closed Period, other than in Exceptional
Circumstances);
e)
acquisition or forfeiture under employee incentive plan: the acquisition, forfeiture, lapse or cancellation of any
Suncorp Securities under an employee share plan operated by Suncorp, noting that where Suncorp Securities
cease to be held under the terms of a plan (e.g. when Suncorp ordinary shares are received on exercise of an
option), Prescribed Persons and their Connected Persons must only Deal in those Securities in compliance with
Section 2;
f)
predetermined investment plan: an acquisition or disposal of Suncorp Securities under a predetermined
investment or divestment plan for which prior written clearance has been provided under Section 4 of this Policy
and where:
(1) the Prescribed Person or their Connected Person did not enter into or amend the plan during a Closed Period;
(2) the plan does not permit the Prescribed Person or their Connected Person to exercise any discretion over
how, when, or whether to acquire or dispose of the Suncorp Securities; and
(3) noting that this Policy does not allow for the cancellation of the plan during a Closed Period other than in
Exceptional Circumstances;
g)
third party investments: indirect and incidental Dealing that occurs as a consequence of a Prescribed Person or
their Connected Person Dealing in Suncorp Securities issued by a managed investment scheme, listed investment
company, exchange-traded fund or similar investment vehicle that is managed by a third party and that holds
Suncorp Securities as part of its portfolio;
For personal use only

SUNCORP SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 3 OF 8 
h)
offer under prospectus or product disclosure statement: accepting an offer of (or invitation to apply for)
Suncorp Securities made in (or accompanied by) a prospectus or product disclosure statement;
i)
Prescribed Person or Connected Persons as trustee: where a Prescribed Person or their Connected Person is a
trustee, Dealing in Suncorp Securities by the trust, provided that neither the Prescribed Person or their Connected
Persons is a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to Deal in a Closed Period is taken by another trustee or by
an investment manager independently of the Prescribed Person and their Connected Persons;
j)
change of trustee: the disposal of Suncorp Securities occurring merely because of a change of the trustee of a
trust;
k)
gifts and inheritance: an off-market transaction in Suncorp Securities where no or only nominal consideration is
given or received by the Prescribed Person or their Connected Persons (including a transfer of Suncorp Securities
by the legal personal representative of any person to a beneficiary of that person’s estate);
l)
involuntary disposal under a margin loan: a disposal of Suncorp Securities that is the result of a secured
lender exercising their rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement.
To avoid doubt, any Exempt Dealing remains subject to the Insider Trading provisions of the Corporations Act, and 
hence to the general restriction set out in Section 1 of this Policy. 
Application and Clearance Process 
4.
Prescribed Persons and their Connected Persons are required to seek clearance prior to Dealing
Outside of Closed Periods, Prescribed Persons and their Connected Persons are required to obtain clearance before 
Dealing in Suncorp Securities (unless the proposed Dealing falls into an Exempt Dealing category set out in Section 
3). 
Dealing may not take place until the written clearance has been provided. Neither Suncorp nor the Suncorp Board takes 
responsibility for the consequences of any changes in the market value of Suncorp Securities while a clearance request 
is being considered. 
To apply for a clearance to Deal the Prescribed Person must provide the following information to the Company 
Secretary by email, in writing or through any online portal made available for the purpose: 
a)
details of the proposed Dealing in Suncorp Securities (number and type of Suncorp Securities, name of the
Prescribed Person or Connected Person who wishes to Deal, type of Dealing); and
b)
an assurance that they are personally satisfied that they are not in possession of Price Sensitive Information.
The Company Secretary will review the clearance request and seek clearance as follows: 
Clearance request from 
Clearance request to be provided by 
A Suncorp Director or their Connected Person 
Suncorp Chairman or delegate 
Suncorp Chairman or their Connected Person 
Suncorp Audit Committee Chairman or delegate 
Another Prescribed Person or their Connected Person 
Suncorp Group Chief Executive Officer (“Group CEO”) 
or delegate 
The person providing the clearance request will consider whether the Prescribed Person or their Connected Person is, 
or may be perceived to be, in possession of Price Sensitive Information. Clearance is not an endorsement of any 
Dealing, and individuals are responsible for their own investment decisions and compliance with the law. 
For personal use only

SUNCORP SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 4 OF 8 
Notification of decision 
Any clearance request to Deal can be given, refused or withdrawn by Suncorp in its discretion, without giving any 
reasons. A decision to refuse clearance is final and binding on the person seeking clearance. If clearance to Deal is 
refused, the person seeking clearance must keep that information confidential and not disclose it to anyone. 
If clearance to Deal is given the Company Secretary will send the Prescribed Person a notification of the decision by 
email or through any online portal made available for the purpose. 
Suncorp Directors and members of the Executive Leadership Team must notify the Company Secretary within three 
business days of any Dealing in Suncorp Securities undertaken by them or their Connected Persons. In the case of 
Directors this is to ensure compliance with the ASX Listing Rules (requiring the release by Suncorp of an ASX 
announcement), and for the Executive Leadership Team this is to enable the Company Secretary to report to the Suncorp 
Board. 
Timing and duration of clearance 
The person providing the clearance may specify a time period of no more than five business days during which Dealing 
must be completed (for on-market Dealing, execution must occur within the specified period, but acknowledging 
settlement may occur outside the period). If Dealing is not completed during the specified time a further clearance will 
be required. 
Record keeping 
Prescribed Persons must keep, and make available to the Company Secretary on request, a register of Dealings by 
themselves and their Connected Persons, in the form of a record of every Dealing, together with supporting material 
such as contract notes or their equivalent. 
Restricted List 
In certain circumstances the Company Secretary may be asked to restrict individuals from Dealing in Suncorp 
Securities who may be in possession of Price Sensitive Information for a period of time (“Restricted List”). Individuals 
on the Restricted List will be advised by the Company Secretary that they are prohibited from Dealing in Suncorp 
Securities and when this prohibition has been lifted. 
Dealing Prohibitions 
5.
Dealing prohibitions
5.1 Directors, Employees and Contractors are prohibited from entering into a hedging transaction that is designed to
limit the economic risk of holdings in Suncorp Securities, including unvested performance rights. 
5.2 The following activities are prohibited for Prescribed Persons and their Connected Persons: 
a)
Short-Term Dealing of Suncorp Securities: means buying and selling the same Security within a six month
period and entering into any other short term Dealings (for example, forward contracts) in relation to
Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, this rule does not apply to:
i.
the sale of ordinary shares in Suncorp acquired on exercise of a right or option under an employee share
operated by Suncorp; or
ii.
an off-market transaction in Suncorp Securities where there is no effective change in the beneficial
owner.
b)
Short Selling of Suncorp Securities. This is the practice of attempting to profit from an anticipated drop in the
price of Securities by borrowing the Security and selling it in anticipation of later being able to buy the
Securities at a lower price to close out their short position at a profit.
For personal use only

SUNCORP SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 5 OF 8
6.
Prescribed Persons and their Connected Persons may be restricted from entering into Margin Loans
over Suncorp Securities
The Suncorp Chairman, or the Group CEO, will review any request for waiver or clearance to Deal by Prescribed 
Persons or their Connected Persons which involves entering into a new or increased Margin Loan or other use of 
Suncorp Securities as collateral in a financial transaction. 
A margin call or a default on a Margin Loan could result in the need for a forced sale of Securities, at a time outside of 
a Prescribed Person’s control. Therefore the Suncorp Chairman or the Group CEO may impose terms and conditions 
on such Dealings as they see fit. 
7.
Responsibility of the Prescribed Person to ensure their Connected Persons comply with this Policy
Prescribed Persons must:
 make their Connected Persons aware of the requirements of this Policy;
 make clearance requests, waiver applications or Dealing notifications under this Policy on behalf of their
Connected Persons; and 
 take reasonable steps to ensure that their Connected Persons comply with the requirements of this Policy. 
Waiver and Exceptional Circumstances 
8.
Prescribed Persons and their Connected Persons may apply for a waiver, to enable them to Deal in
Suncorp Securities during Closed Periods in Exceptional Circumstances
The following represent “Exceptional Circumstances”: 
 severe financial hardship (e.g. if the person has a pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied in any 
other way than by selling Suncorp Securities); 
 compulsion by court order or court enforceable undertaking (e.g. a bona fide family settlement); 
 an overriding legal or regulatory requirement to transfer, or accept a transfer of, Suncorp Securities; or 
 any other circumstance that is deemed exceptional by the person providing the waiver. 
To apply for a waiver the Prescribed Person or Connected Person must provide the following information to the 
Company Secretary by email, in writing, or through any online portal made available for the purpose: 
a)
details of the proposed Dealing in Suncorp Securities (number and type of Suncorp Securities, name of the
Prescribed Person or Connected Person who wishes to Deal, type of Dealing);
b)
an assurance that they are personally satisfied that they are not in possession of Price Sensitive Information, as
waivers cannot be granted from the Insider Trading provisions of the Corporations Act; and
c)
sufficient evidence (in the opinion of the person providing the waiver) that the proposed Dealing is the most
reasonable course of action available in the circumstance.
The Company Secretary will review the application and seek a waiver as follows: 
Waiver application from 
Waiver to be provided by 
A Suncorp Director or their Connected Person 
Suncorp Chairman or delegate 
Suncorp Chairman or their Connected Person 
Suncorp Audit Committee Chairman or delegate 
Another Prescribed Person or their Connected Person 
Group CEO or delegate 
For personal use only

SUNCORP SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 6 OF 8 
Notification of decision 
Any waiver application can be given, refused or withdrawn without giving any reasons. A decision to refuse a waiver 
application or clearance is final and binding. If a waiver is refused or withdrawn, the person seeking the waiver must 
keep that information confidential and not disclose it to anyone. 
The Company Secretary will send the Prescribed Person a notification of the decision by email, or through any online 
portal made available for the purpose, and the terms on which the waiver is granted. 
Policy Exemptions 
No exemptions apply to this Policy. 
Policy Breaches 
A breach of the Insider Trading provisions of the Corporations Act is a serious criminal offence, punishable by a 
substantial fine and/or imprisonment for up to 10 years. A person involved in Insider Trading may also be exposed to 
significant civil penalties and/or liability to pay compensation to anyone who suffers loss or damage because of the 
transaction. 
A breach of this Policy will be regarded as serious misconduct and may result in disciplinary action, or: 
 termination of the appointment of the Suncorp Director; 
 termination of employment of an Employee; or 
 termination of an arrangement with a Contractor. 
To the extent that this Policy imposes obligations on Suncorp, it does not form a contractual term, condition or 
representation. 
Key Terms 
Unless otherwise defined in this Policy, commonly used terms and phrases are defined in the Policy Definitions 
Standard. 
Company Secretary 
The person who holds the statutory role of Suncorp Company Secretary, or 
their delegate. 
from 1 January until the beginning of trading in Sydney on the day following  the 
announcement of  Suncorp’s half-year results; 
from 1 July until the beginning of trading in Sydney on the day following  the 
announcement of  Suncorp’s full-year results; 
from the day that is 20 calendar days before the day of Suncorp’s annual general meeting 
and until the beginning of trading in Sydney on the day following   Suncorp’s annual general 
meeting; and 
for any other period that the Suncorp Board of Directors determines from time to time is to 
be a Closed Period. 
Closed Periods take place: 
Closed Periods 
For personal use only

SUNCORP SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 7 OF 8 
Contractors 
All consultants, contractors and secondees of or to Suncorp. 
Directors 
Persons appointed as statutory directors of a company. 
Exceptional 
Circumstances 
Prescribed Persons may apply for a waiver for themselves or on behalf of their 
Connected Persons, to enable them to Deal in Suncorp Securities during 
Closed Periods, in the “Exceptional Circumstances” set out in Section 8. 
their spouse or partner; 
their dependent children, or their spouse or partner’s dependent children; 
anyone else in their family who the Prescribed Person may be expected 
to influence, or be influenced by, in Dealings with Securities; and 
a company, trust or entity that the Prescribed Person (or any of their family 
members falling within any of the above categories) controls or has an 
interest in. 
A Connected Person of a Prescribed Person includes: 
Connected Person 
Deal in Securities (either on their own behalf or on behalf of any other 
person); 
procure or arrange for someone else to Deal in Securities; or 
communicate the Price Sensitive Information to any other person. 
Dealing in Securities while in possession of Price Sensitive Information. 
A person who is in possession of Price Sensitive Information must not: 
Insider Trading 
buying or selling Securities on-market, or placing an order to do so with a 
broker; 
acquiring or transferring Securities through an off-market transaction; 
granting a mortgage, lien, charge or other security interest (such as a 
Margin Loan) over Securities; 
applying for, receiving or exercising options or rights to acquire  Securities 
under an employee incentive plan; and 
granting, acquiring or disposing of any beneficial interest in Securities 
(including through a trust). 
To apply for, acquire or dispose of Securities, or to enter into an agreement to
do any of those things. 
Examples of Dealing in Securities include: 
Deal or Dealing 
Employees 
All full-time, part-time and casual employees of Suncorp. 
For personal use only

SUNCORP SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
PAGE 8 OF 8 
Margin Loan 
A loan taken out to invest in Securities, where the collateral provided to the 
lender is the Securities. The lender may make a “margin call”, requiring the 
borrower to bring up the margin deposit (if and when depleted by a fall in 
value of Securities) to a pre-agreed minimum “loan to value” ratio. 
In the event of a default on the Margin Loan, the Securities pledged as collateral 
for repayment of the loan would be forfeited. 
Prescribed Person 
A person who, because of the nature of their seniority or position, is likely to 
become involved with key financial, operational and strategic information 
about Suncorp that will, or is likely to have, a material effect on the price of 
Suncorp Securities. Prescribed Persons will include: 
 all Suncorp Directors and members of the Executive Leadership Team, 
who are collectively Suncorp’s key management personnel (those 
persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and 
controlling the activities of Suncorp, directly or indirectly); 
 the Company Secretary and Executive General Managers and 
selected Executive Managers; 
 all Executive Assistants and Executive Officers of either of the above 
groups; and 
 any other person nominated by a member of the Suncorp 
Executive Leadership Team, the Company Secretary, an 
Executive General Manager or by an Executive Manager. 
Executive 
Leadership Team 
The senior executive positions that report directly to the Group CEO. 
Suncorp 
Suncorp Group Limited and its controlled entities. 
Security or Securities 
Ordinary or preference shares, American Depositary Receipts, options or 
performance rights, debentures, renounceable or unrenounceable rights to 
subscribe for a share or debenture, convertible notes and derivative products 
(including but not limited to warrants, exchange-traded options, over-the- 
counter options and contracts for differences) relating to those securities, 
whether or not the securities or the derivative products are issued or created by 
Suncorp or by third parties. 
Policy 
This Securities Trading Policy. 
Information that is not generally available, but, if it were generally available, a
reasonable person would expect that information to have a material effect on 
the price or value of Securities of a body corporate. 
Price Sensitive 
Information 
Suncorp Securities 
Securities issued by Suncorp. 
For personal use only
