 
T 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ASX Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
29 December 2010 
Exchange Centre 
20 Bridge Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
 
 
 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
 
1. 
Policy objectives  
 
1.1 
Directors, employees and other shareholders are encouraged to be long-
term holders of Silver Mines Limited (Company) shares.  However, care 
must be taken in the timing of any acquisition or disposal of securities of 
the Company.  
 
1.2 
The objective of this Policy is:  
 
1.2.1 
to ensure that the Directors and employees are aware of and do not 
inadvertently breach the insider trading provision of the Corporations 
Act 2001 when dealing in securities in the Company (including 
shares and options); and  
 
1.2.2 
to assist in maintaining market confidence in the trading of the 
Company's securities.  
 
2. 
Who does this Policy apply to?  
 
People covered  
 
2.1 
This Policy applies to all Directors, the Company Secretary, and to all 
executives and employees of the Company and their associates.  
 
2.2 
In this Policy, Senior Management means the Managing Director, the 
Chief Financial  Officer and the Company Secretary, and all senior 
executives.  
 
2.3 
Persons covered by this Policy must not trade through any member of 
their family, or though a trust or company over which they have influence 
or control, in circumstances where they would have been prohibited from 
trading in their own name.  
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
T 
 
 
 
Securities covered  
 
2.4 
This Policy applies to all securities issued by the Company from time to 
time, including ordinary shares and options.  
 
Exclusions  
 
2.5 
This Policy does not apply to any acquisition of securities as part of:  
 
2.5.1 
a new issue where the issue is available pro rata to all holders of 
securities of the relevant class; or  
 
2.5.2 
a share purchase plan; or  
 
2.5.3 
an executive or employee share or option plan.  
 
2.6 
This Policy will apply however to any subsequent disposals of securities 
acquired under any of the above.  
 
3. 
What is insider trading?  
 
Insider trading  
 
3.1 
If a person covered by this Policy has Inside Information relating to the 
Company it is illegal for the person to:  
 
3.1.1 
buy, sell or otherwise deal in securities in the Company;  
 
3.1.2 
advise, procure or encourage another person (for example, a family 
member, a friend, a family company or trust) to buy or sell the 
Company's securities; or  
 
3.1.3 
pass on information to any other person, if the person covered by 
this Policy knows or ought to reasonably know that the person may 
use the information to buy or sell (or procure another person to buy 
or sell) the Company's securities.  
 
Inside Information  
 
3.2 
Inside Information is information which is not generally available to the 
market and, if it were generally available to the market, would be likely to:  
 
3.2.1 
have a material effect on the price or value of any company's 
securities (not just the Company's securities); or  
 
3.2.2 
influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding 
whether or not to buy or sell the Company's securities.  
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
T 
 
 
 
3.3 
Information is generally available if:  
 
3.3.1 
it consists of readily observable matter;  
 
3.3.2 
it has been made known in a manner likely to bring the information to 
the attention of people who commonly invest in securities of a kind 
whose price or  value might be affected by the information, and, 
since it was made known, a reasonable period for it to be 
disseminated among such persons has elapsed;  
 
3.3.3 
it is derived from information which has been made public; or  
 
3.3.4 
it consists of observations, deductions, conclusions or inferences 
made or drawn from the other generally available information.  
 
3.4 
It does not matter how or where you obtain inside Information – it does not 
have to be from the Company or about the Company to constitute Inside 
Information.  
 
Penalties for non-compliance  
 
3.5 
Insider trading is a criminal offence punishable by significant fines or jail 
terms or both.  
 
3.6 
In addition, the insider trader and any other person involved in the 
contravention may be liable to compensate third parties for any resulting 
loss.  
 
3.7 
Non-compliances will be treated seriously by the Company and breaches 
of this Policy, whether or not they result in a breach of the law, may result 
in disciplinary action including dismissal.  
 
4. 
Policy  
 
No trading when in possession of Inside Information  
 
4.1 
No person to whom this Policy applies may deal in any security at any 
time if they have Inside Information.  
 
Black Out Periods  
 
4.2 
A person covered by this Policy may trade in securities at any time but 
only if:  
 
4.2.1 
there is no black out period in place; and  
 
4.2.2 
they have no Inside Information; and  
 
4.2.3 
the trading is not for short term or speculative gain.  
For personal use only

 
T 
 
 
 
 
The Board, the Managing Director or the Company Secretary may implement a black 
out period with immediate effect via written notification (generally distributed by e-
mail) from the Company Secretary.  When a black out period is implemented, no one 
covered by this policy is permitted to trade in the securities of the Company.  The 
Company Secretary will communicate in writing the lifting of a black out period.  
 
In addition to the above, there are designated black-out periods each year as follows:  
 
4.2.4 
15 January following the end of the previous December quarter up to 
and including two (2) business days after the day on which the 
Company releases its December quarterly cash flow report;  
 
4.2.5 
15 April following the end of the previous March quarter up to and 
including two (2) business days after the day on which the Company 
releases its March quarterly cash flow report; 
 
4.2.6 
15 July following the end of the previous June quarter up to and 
including two (2) business days after the day on which the Company 
releases its June quarterly cash flow report; and  
 
4.2.7 
15 October following the end of the previous September quarter up 
to and including two (2) business days after the day on which the 
Company releases its September quarterly cash flow report.  
 
Excluded Trading  
 
4.3 
A person covered by this Policy may trade in securities during a black out 
period if that   trading falls within one of the following categories of 
“excluded trading”:  
 
4.3.1 
transfers of securities already held from a person’s own name into a 
superannuation fund of which that person is a beneficiary and vice 
versa;  
 
4.3.2 
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme where 
the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion 
of a third party;  
 
4.3.3 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer;  
 
4.3.4 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most members such 
as a rights issue or a share purchase plan;  
 
4.3.5 
a disposal of Company shares that is the result of a secured lender 
exercising their rights, for example, under a margin lending 
arrangement; and 
 
For personal use only

 
T 
 
 
 
4.3.6 
trading under any employee incentive scheme in accordance with the 
rules of a Board approved Incentive Plan.  
 
Other authorised trades  
 
4.4 
A person covered by this Policy may trade in securities outside of blackout 
periods only if:  
 
4.4.1 
they are personally satisfied that they are not in possession of Inside 
Information;  
 
4.4.2 
in the case of Directors – they have obtained the approval of the 
Chairman or in the case of any proposed trade by the Chairman, of 
another non-executive Director nominated by the Board for the 
purpose;  
 
4.4.3      
In the case of Senior Management – they have obtained the approval 
of the Managing Director; and  
 
4.4.4 
In the case of others - they have obtained the approval of the 
Company Secretary.  
 
4.5 
       Approval to trade during a black out period may only be given where:  
 
4.5.1 
the person is in severe financial hardship or other exceptional 
circumstances exist; and  
 
4.5.2 
the approvers are satisfied that there is no inside information which 
has not been disclosed to ASX Limited.  
 
4.6 
The following are examples of situations of severe financial hardship or 
other exceptional circumstances which the approvers may consider 
sufficient to warrant approval under the previous paragraph:  
 
4.6.1 
“severe financial hardship” could include (but is not limited to) the 
applicant having a pressing financial commitment that cannot be 
satisfied otherwise than by selling the relevant Company shares; and  
 
4.6.2 
“exceptional circumstances” could include (but is not limited to) 
where the applicant is required by a court order, or there are court 
enforceable undertakings, for example, in a bona fide family 
settlement, to transfer or sell Company shares or there is some other 
overriding legal or regulatory requirement for him or her to do so.  
 
4.7 
An applicant seeking clearance to trade must satisfy the approvers that 
they are in severe financial hardship or that their circumstances are 
otherwise exceptional and that the proposed sale or disposal of the 
relevant Company shares is the only reasonable course of action 
available.  
For personal use only

 
T 
 
 
 
 
4.8 
 Determination as to whether the applicant is in severe financial hardship 
or whether a particular set of circumstances exist may only be made by 
the approving person.  
 
4.9 
Permission will be given for trading pursuant to this section 4 only after a 
written request for approval is provided (whether by letter, facsimile, 
electronic or other form of visible communication) and only if the approving 
person is satisfied that the transaction would not be:  
 
4.9.1 
contrary to law;  
 
4.9.2 
for speculative gain;  
 
4.9.3 
to take advantage of inside knowledge; or  
 
4.9.4 
seen by the public, press, other shareholders or ASX as unfair.  
 
4.10 
If approval is given, the trade must be executed within 2 business days of 
the approval.  
 
Disclosure to the Company  
 
4.11 
Senior Management must advise the Company Secretary in writing of the 
details of completed transactions within 2 business days following each 
transaction.  Details required include the name of the shareholder, the 
date of transaction, type of transaction (purchase, sale, etc.), number of 
securities and price per security.  Notification is necessary whether or not 
prior authority has been required.  
 
4.12 
The Company Secretary must maintain a register of securities transactions 
for the purposes of this Policy.  
 
4.13 
The Company must comply with its obligations to notify ASX in writing of 
any changes in the holdings of securities or interest in securities by 
Directors.  
 
 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
Kevin Lynn 
Company Secretary 
 
Silver Mines Limited (ACN 107 452 942) 
FKP House, 5th Floor 17-19 Bridge St, Sydney, NSW Australia 2001  
P: +61 2 9253 0900 F: +61 2 9253 0901 
E: info@silverminesltd.com.au 
W: www.silverminesltd.com.au 
For personal use only
