 
asx release 
 
 
 
 
 
Classification 
 
Transurban Group 
Transurban International Limited 
ABN 90 121 746 825 
Transurban Holdings Limited 
ABN 86 098 143 429 
Transurban Holding Trust 
ABN 30 169 362 255 
ARSN 098 807 419 
corporate@transurban.com 
www.transurban.com 
Level 31 
Tower Five, Collins Square 
727 Collins Street 
Docklands 
Victoria 3008 Australia 
Telephone +613 8656 8900 
Facsimile  +613 8656 8585 
 
 
 
29 June 2021 
 
 
REVISED DEALING IN SECURITIES POLICY 
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, please see attached Transurban’s revised Dealing in 
Securities Policy. A copy of the Dealing in Securities Policy is also available on Transurban’s website at 
transurban.com.  
 
 
 
Investor enquiries 
Tess Palmer 
Head of Investor Relations 
+61 458 231 983 
Media enquiries 
Josie Brophy 
Manager, Media and Communications 
+61 437 165 424 
Sarah Chapman 
Manager, Media, Government and Industry 
+61 400 841 898 
This announcement is authorised by the Board of Transurban Group. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dealing 
in 
Securities 
Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
transurban.com
For personal use only

Dealing in Securities 
Policy 
 
Public | Approved June 2021 
Page 1 of 7 
 
Contents 
 
1 
Introduction 
2 
2 
Purpose 
2 
3 
Scope 
2 
4 
Prohibition relating to insider trading 
2 
5 
Dealing in Transurban Securities — Policy 
2 
5.1 
Closed Periods 
2 
5.2 
Open Periods 
3 
5.3 
Short selling prohibited 
3 
5.4 
Short term dealing prohibited 
3 
5.5 
Hedging entitlements 
3 
5.6 
Margin lending prohibited 
3 
5.7 
Exceptional circumstances 
3 
6 
Dealing in Transurban Securities — Procedure 
3 
6.1 
Seeking prior approval 
3 
6.2 
Duration of approval 
4 
6.3 
Notification 
4 
7 
Dealing in Other Securities 
4 
8 
Notification to ASX and records of dealings 
4 
9 
Compliance and penalties 
4 
10 Contacts 
4 
11 Review of this Policy 
4 
12 Related documents 
4 
Attachment A – Employee Dealing Form 
7 
 
© Copyright Transurban Limited ABN 96 098 143 410. 
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a 
retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, 
mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the written 
permission of Transurban. 
 
Controller Company Secretary 
Owner Company Secretary 
Approver Transurban Board 
 
This document is uncontrolled if printed. 
 
 
For personal use only

Dealing in Securities 
Policy 
 
Public | Approved June 2021 
Page 2 of 7 
1 Introduction 
This Policy applies to all of Transurban’s directors, senior 
executives, employees, officers and contractors occupying 
permanent or part time fixed term contracts, and their Related 
Parties (collectively, Employees). 
Capitalised terms are defined in the glossary at the end of this 
Policy. 
2 Purpose 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
(a) set out the restrictions on dealing in Transurban Securities 
and Other Securities (that is, Securities in other entities 
with which Transurban may have business dealings), which 
are applicable to all Employees;  
(b) set out the additional restrictions on dealing in 
Transurban Securities which apply to Restricted Persons 
(that is, Directors, members of the Executive Committee 
and their direct reports, any other persons the Company 
Secretary designates to be a Restricted Person from time 
to time and their Related Parties); and 
(c) establish a best practice procedure for dealing in 
Transurban Securities and Other Securities that provides 
protection to both Transurban and Employees against the 
misuse of unpublished price-sensitive information which 
could result in material criminal and/or civil penalties. 
3 Scope 
This Policy covers dealing by Employees in Transurban 
securities and Other Securities. 
This Policy does not cover the following: 
(a) applying for or acquiring Transurban Securities under a 
Transurban Equity Plan (including by exercise of options 
or rights). However, where any Transurban Securities 
granted to an Employee under a Transurban Equity Plan 
cease to be held under the terms of that plan (for 
example, Transurban Securities that are acquired following 
the exercise of options or rights or that are released from 
restriction), the Employee must only deal in those 
Transurban Securities in accordance with this Policy; 
(b) undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover 
offer or participation in a scheme of arrangement; 
(c) transfers of Transurban Securities resulting in no change 
in beneficial interests in those securities (eg, the transfer 
from one personal security holding to another); 
(d) indirect and incidental trading that occurs as a 
consequence of an Employee dealing in units or shares of 
a managed investment scheme, listed investment 
company, exchange-traded fund or similar investment 
vehicle that is managed by a third party and that happens 
to hold as part of its portfolio Transurban Securities or 
Other Securities;  
(e) participation in, acceptance of, or trading under, an offer 
or invitation made to all or most security holders such as a 
rights issue, a security purchase plan, Transurban’s 
Distribution Reinvestment Plan and an equal access buy 
back, where the plan that determines the timing and 
structure of the offer has been approved by the 
Transurban Board; or 
(f) a transfer of Transurban Securities arising from the 
administration of a deceased estate.  
4 Prohibition relating to insider trading 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Policy (including 
the exclusions in section 3), an Employee must not deal in 
Transurban Securities or in Other Securities at any time if the 
dealing would breach the insider trading prohibition. This will 
typically be the case where the Employee is in possession of 
non-public price-sensitive information (that is, information 
which is not generally available and which may have a material 
effect on the price of Transurban Securities or Other Securities 
to which the dealing relates) – this is typically referred to as 
“inside information”. 
Dealing in Securities while in possession of inside information is 
referred to as “insider trading”.  
In addition, a person with inside information must not procure, 
encourage or advise another person to deal in Securities nor 
communicate the information (directly or indirectly) to another 
person who the person believes may deal (or procure, 
encourage or advise someone else to deal) in the Securities. 
The Corporations Act prohibits insider trading and imposes 
substantial penalties for breaching this prohibition. It is 
therefore important for Employees to understand what 
constitutes insider trading and the types of conduct that are 
prohibited. 
Further information on what is meant by “dealing”, “material 
effect”, “price-sensitive information” and “generally available” is 
set out in the glossary. 
Employees must also comply with any applicable obligations or 
requirements under local law in their jurisdiction.  
5 Dealing in Transurban Securities — Policy 
In addition to their obligation to comply with the law in relation 
to insider trading (see section 4), Employees must adhere to 
the following: 
5.1 Closed Periods 
Employees must not, except in exceptional circumstances (see 
section 5.7), deal in Transurban Securities during the following 
periods (Closed Periods): 
(a) the period commencing 1 July and ending at the close of 
ASX trading on the next ASX trading day after the release 
of Transurban’s full year results; 
(b) the period commencing 1 January and ending at the close 
of ASX trading on the next ASX trading day after the 
release of Transurban’s half year results; and 
(c) any other period determined by the Transurban Board 
from time to time. 
The Company Secretary will notify Employees (via email or 
internal bulletin) of the exact dates of Closed Periods each year. 
For personal use only

Dealing in Securities 
Policy 
 
Public | Approved June 2021 
Page 3 of 7 
If an Employee is not sure whether they may deal in 
Transurban Securities, the Employee must consult with the 
Company Secretary (or, for directors, the Chairman). 
5.2 Open Periods 
Open Periods are those periods that are not Closed Periods. 
Subject to the requirements of sections 5.3 to 5.6, Restricted 
Persons may only deal in Transurban Securities during Open 
Periods if prior approval is sought and granted in accordance 
with the procedure set out in section 6.1. 
5.3 Short selling prohibited   
Short selling occurs when a person sells financial products they 
do not own with a view to repurchasing them later at a lower 
price. Employees are not permitted to engage in any short 
selling of Transurban Securities.  
5.4 Short term dealing prohibited 
An Employee must not buy and sell Transurban Securities on a 
short term basis (that is, within a three month period) except in 
exceptional circumstances (see section 5.7) and provided prior 
approval is sought and granted in accordance with the 
procedure set out in section 6.1. 
5.5 Hedging entitlements 
Hedging is a form of dealing. Therefore, where hedging is not 
prohibited under this Policy it must be undertaken in 
accordance with this Policy. 
Directors, members of the Executive Committee and their 
Related Parties must not enter into hedging arrangements in 
relation to Transurban Securities.  
Additionally, Employees who have entitlements to Transurban 
Securities under a Transurban Equity Plan must not, and must 
seek to ensure their Related Parties do not, hedge against 
those entitlements prior to the vesting of those entitlements or 
while they are subject to a holding lock.  
Employees (other than directors, members of the Executive 
Committee and their Related Parties) may hedge against 
vested Transurban Securities that are not subject to a holding 
lock if the hedge is both initiated in, and arranged so that the 
specified exercise date falls within, an Open Period.  
Where an Employee (other than a director, member of the 
Executive Committee or their Related Party) has a hedge which 
is to be exercised in an Open Period but the Transurban Board 
has decided to declare or extend a Closed Period to cover the 
exercise date, the Employee may request prior approval to 
exercise in accordance with the procedure set out in section 
6.1. 
5.6 Margin lending prohibited 
Employees must not obtain margin loans using Transurban 
Securities (either solely or as part of a portfolio) as security for 
the loans, or enter into any other secured financing 
arrangements in respect of Transurban Securities. 
5.7 Exceptional circumstances 
An Employee who is not in possession of inside information 
may be granted prior approval to sell or otherwise deal in 
Transurban Securities during a Closed Period or on a short term 
basis where the Employee is in severe financial hardship, 
pursuant to a court order, or there are other exceptional 
circumstances. An Employee is considered in severe financial 
hardship if they cannot satisfy a pressing financial commitment 
otherwise than by selling the relevant Transurban Securities.  
Employees seeking prior approval under exceptional 
circumstances must do so in accordance with the procedure set 
out in section 6.1. 
6 Dealing in Transurban Securities — 
Procedure 
6.1 Seeking prior approval 
Prior approval to deal in Transurban Securities either: 
(a)  during an Open Period (for Restricted Persons); 
(b)  on a short-term basis in exceptional circumstances; or 
(c) during a Closed Period in exceptional circumstances,  
must be sought by an Employee submitting (on their own 
behalf or on behalf of their Related Party, as applicable) a 
request to deal in Transurban Securities to the relevant 
approver indicated below: 
Person requiring approval 
to deal 
Approver 
Directors (including the 
CEO) and their Related 
Parties 
Chairman 
Chairman and their Related 
Parties 
Transurban Board or the 
Chair of the Audit and Risk 
Committee 
Company Secretary and 
their Related Parties 
CEO 
All other Employees 
Company Secretary, who 
may confer with the CEO as 
necessary when considering 
a request 
 
The Employee Dealing Form (Attachment A) may be used for 
this purpose but an e-mail request (containing the information 
in Attachment A) is sufficient. A request will generally be 
answered within 48 hours. 
Any request for approval to trade may be granted or refused 
without explanation. 
If a request for approval to trade is granted, it may be 
withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a 
change in the circumstances of Transurban Securities. 
If a request for approval to trade is refused, the decision is final 
and binding and the Employee who has sought the clearance 
must keep the information (of the refusal) confidential and not 
disclose it to anyone. 
For personal use only

Dealing in Securities 
Policy 
 
Public | Approved June 2021 
Page 4 of 7 
Approval is not an endorsement of any proposed dealing. 
Employees and Restricted Persons are responsible for their 
own investment decisions and compliance with the law 
(including the insider trading prohibition). 
6.2 Duration of approval 
If approval to deal in Transurban Securities is granted, the 
dealing must be conducted within five ASX trading days of the 
approval. If the Employee does not deal in Transurban 
Securities within this time period, the approval will lapse. 
6.3 Notification 
Once any dealing has been completed, the Employee must 
provide the Company Secretary with the following details 
within two ASX trading days: 
(a)  confirmation of the nature of the transaction (purchase, 
sale, hedge, etc); 
(b)  the name of the Employee or Related Party; 
(c) the date of the transaction; 
(d) the number of Securities traded (directors and executives 
only); and 
(e) the consideration (directors and executives only). 
The Employee Dealing Form (Attachment A) may also be used 
for this purpose. 
If the Employee does not deal in Transurban Securities, the 
Employee must notify the Company Secretary that no dealing 
has been completed no later than seven ASX trading days after 
the approval was granted. 
7 Dealing in Other Securities 
The Corporations Act prohibition on insider trading extends to 
dealings in Other Securities, being Securities of other 
companies with which Transurban may be dealing (such as 
customers or joint venture partners). If an Employee possesses 
inside information in relation to another company (eg, an 
Employee is aware that a Transurban entity is about to sign a 
major agreement with that other company), the Employee 
must not deal in Transurban Securities or the Other Securities. 
For this reason, Employees working on a particular transaction 
or project may be notified that they may not trade in the 
Securities of other entities involved in the transaction or 
project. 
The Transurban Board may also identify certain Securities as 
Other Securities for the purpose of this Policy and dealing in 
those Securities will then be subject to this Policy. A list of 
identified Other Securities will be placed on the intranet as 
required for Employees to refer to. 
Employees who wish to deal in Other Securities at any time 
must follow the request, approval and notification process as 
set out in section 6. 
8 Notification to ASX and records of 
dealings 
Transurban must notify the ASX on behalf of a director of any 
purchase or sale of Transurban Securities within five business 
days. The Company Secretary will use the information provided 
by a director in accordance with section 6 for this purpose and 
will provide a copy of the ASX release to other directors. 
The Company Secretary will also maintain a register of 
Employee requests to deal in Transurban Securities and Other 
Securities. 
9 Compliance and penalties 
Failure to abide by this Policy may result in disciplinary action, 
including termination of employment or engagement.  
A breach of this Policy may also be a contravention of insider 
trading or other laws, which may result in financial penalties 
and/or imprisonment. 
10 Contacts 
If you have any questions about this Policy or compliance with 
insider trading laws, please contact the Company Secretary.  
11 Review of this Policy 
It is intended that this Policy will be reviewed periodically to 
ensure compliance with the Corporations Act, the ASX Listing 
Rules and corporate governance best practice. The Company 
Secretary will monitor applicable law and practice and 
recommend any changes to this Policy in the intervening 
period. 
12 Related documents 
Continuous Disclosure Policy 
Code of Conduct 
For personal use only

 
Public | Approved June 2021 
Page 5 of 7 
Glossary 
Term 
Definition 
ASX 
The Australian Securities Exchange or the market conducted by it, as the context 
requires. 
Closed Periods 
Has the meaning given to that term in section 5.1. 
Corporations Act 
The Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
deal or dealing  
‘Dealing in Securities’ is a broad concept and includes applying for, acquiring or 
disposing of Securities. This extends to subscribing for new Securities (eg on an IPO), or 
entering into an agreement to deal (eg an option contract to apply for, acquire or 
dispose of Securities). 
Employees 
Has the meaning given to that term in section 1. 
Generally available 
In relation to information, means: 
• 
it consists of a readily observable matter; or 
• 
it has been brought to the attention of investors through an announcement to the 
ASX and a reasonable period has elapsed. 
Material effect  
Information is considered to be likely to have a material effect on the price or value of 
Securities of an entity if the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons 
who commonly invest in Securities in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, buy or 
sell those securities. 
It is not possible to list all of the information that may be material. However, the 
following types of information would be likely to be considered to have a material 
effect on the price of Securities: 
• 
a material increase or decrease in financial performance from previous results;  
• 
a proposed material business or asset acquisition or sale;  
• 
a matter that may have a significant impact on the operations of Transurban;  
• 
proposed material legal proceedings to be initiated by or against a Transurban 
entity;  
• 
regulatory action or investigations undertaken by a Government authority; or  
• 
a proposal to undertake a new issue of Securities or major change in financing. . 
Open Periods 
Has the meaning given to that term in section 5.2. 
Other Securities 
Securities in other entities with which Transurban may have business dealings. 
price-sensitive 
information 
Information that is not generally available but, if generally available, would be likely to: 
• 
have a material effect on the price or value of the Securities; or 
• 
influence investors in deciding whether or not to buy or sell the Securities. 
You may possess price-sensitive information as a result of the job you perform. 
Examples of possible price-sensitive information are: 
• 
the financial performance of Transurban; 
• 
entry into or termination of a material contract (such as a major transactional joint 
venture or partnership agreement) by Transurban; 
• 
a material acquisition or sale of assets by Transurban; and 
For personal use only

 
Public | Approved June 2021 
Page 6 of 7 
Term 
Definition 
• 
a proposed dividend or a change in dividend policy. 
Related Party 
Of a person means:  
• 
a spouse, domestic partner, child or dependent of the person;  
• 
a child or dependent of the person’s spouse or domestic partner (including same-
sex or de facto);  
• 
any other family member who may be expected to influence the person, or be 
influenced by the person, in the person’s dealings with Transurban or another entity 
with which Transurban may have business dealings;  
• 
a person or company that has a private understanding or business arrangement 
with the person for dealing in Securities; or 
• 
a company, trust, partnership or other entity that the person or any of the persons 
referred to in the above bullet points controls or significantly influences.  
Restricted Persons 
Directors, members of the Executive Committee and their direct reports, any other 
persons the Company Secretary designates to be a Restricted Person from time to time 
and their Related Parties. 
Securities  
The definition of securities is very broad and includes ordinary shares, preference 
shares, ordinary units, preference units, options, convertible notes and debentures. 
THL 
Transurban Holdings Limited.  
THT 
Transurban Holding Trust. 
TIL 
Transurban International Limited. 
Transurban 
THL, TIL, THT and their controlled entities. 
Transurban Equity 
Plan 
Any plan pursuant to which Transurban Securities are provided as an element of 
remuneration.  
Transurban 
Securities 
Transurban Securities includes: 
• 
the shares in THL, the shares in TIL and the units in THT stapled together and 
quoted on the ASX; and 
• 
any other Securities relating to Transurban. 
For personal use only

 
Public | Approved June 2021 
Page 7 of 7 
Attachment A – Employee Dealing Form 
Forward to the Company Secretary prior to acquisition or disposal 
Terms used in this form are as defined in the Dealing in Securities Policy (Policy). 
 
     NAME OF EMPLOYEE                                                                                          POSITION 
 
 
 
      CONTACT NO                                     TEAM NAME                                                                    LOCATION 
 
 
 
Dealing request (to be completed for all dealing approval requests) 
I request permission to trade in the following securities, which are held, or proposed to be held, by me personally and / or by my Related 
Parties: 
 
SECURITIES* 
NO OF SECURITIES 
BUY / SELL / EXERCISE AND HOLD / EXERCISE AND SELL / OTHER† 
*Include Other Securities (see section 7 of the Policy) 
†If ‘other’, describe the nature of the proposed dealing 
Exceptional circumstances (only complete for proposed dealings in Transurban Securities on a short term basis or during 
a Closed Period—see sections 5.1, 5.4 and 5.7 of the Policy) 
I request permission to trade on a short-term basis or during a Closed Period (delete whichever is inapplicable) on the grounds 
of severe financial hardship or other exceptional circumstances as described below: 
 
Acknowledgement (to be completed prior to all dealings) 
In submitting this request to deal in the indicated securities in the manner above, I acknowledge that: 
>   I am not in possession of any price-sensitive information regarding the securities. 
>   I will not engage in short selling of Transurban Securities, obtain margin loans using Transurban Securities (either solely or as part of a 
portfolio) as security for loans or enter into any other secured financing arrangements in respect of Transurban Securities. 
>   I may be refused permission to deal in securities without explanation and will keep information of the decision to refuse the request 
confidential. 
>   I will not deal in the above securities until approval is given. 
>    If approval is given I will be entitled to trade for a period of five ASX trading days. After this time, approval will lapse and further 
approval will be required. 
 
 
     SIGNATURE                                                                                                    DATE                       /                      / 
 
Approval (to be completed by Company Secretary / CEO / Board / Chairman / A&R Committee Chair) 
 
     AUTHORISED TO DEAL                                                                                   AUTHORISED SIGNATORY     
 
YES              NO             DATE                    /                     /
 
NAME                                                    SIGNATURE
 
Confirmation to be completed and returned to the Company Secretary: 
>   Once any dealing is completed, within two ASX trading days; or 
>   Where no dealing occurs, no later than seven ASX trading days after the approval to deal is granted. 
NATURE OF TRANSACTION             NAME OF EMPLOYEE OR RELATED PARTY                      DATE OF TRANSACTION 
 
/                     / 
 
CONSIDERATION (DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVES ONLY)                                  NUMBER OF SECURITIES (DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVES ONLY) 
For personal use only
