ASX RELEASE 
1 
Technology One Limited | ABN 84 010 487 180 
Level 11, TechnologyOne HQ,  
540 Wickham Street (PO Box 96) Fortitude Valley QLD 4006 
P + 61 7 3167 7300 W TechnologyOneCorp.com 
Locations: Australia | New Zealand | Asia | United Kingdom 
Technology One Limited (ASX: TNE) 
Updated Share Trading Policy 
BRISBANE, 19 February 2026 
In accordance with ASX LisƟng Rule 12.10, TNE provides a copy of its updated Share Trading Policy which 
takes eﬀect immediately. 
- Ends -
Authorised for release by the Company Secretary 
Analyst & Investor Enquiries 
Giovanni Rizzo  
General Manager - Investor Relations 
M: +61 433 775 030 
E: Giovanni.Rizzo@technology1.com 
About TechnologyOne 
TechnologyOne (ASX: TNE) is Australia’s largest enterprise software company and one of the ASX top 50, with 
a global presence. 
Our SaaS+ (Solution as a Service) offering is an all-inclusive, industry-specific solution that leverages our 
unique Power of One to deliver low-risk, end-to-end SaaS ERP implementations. This includes 
implementation, support, and upgrades—with TechnologyOne taking full accountability for outcomes, not just 
software. Over 1,300 leading corporations, government agencies, local councils, and universities are powered 
by our software. 
For over 38 years, we’ve helped customers adapt to new and emerging technologies with enterprise software 
that evolves alongside their needs—enabling them to focus on their business, not IT. 
Learn more at: technology1.com 
For personal use only

 
 
Page 1 of 3 
Policy Owner: Company Secretary 
Technology One Limited | ABN 84 010 487 180 
Board approved: Feb 2026 | Last reviewed: Feb 2026 
Policy 
Share Trading Policy  
1. Purpose 
This policy sets out the rules for directors, officers, employees, and contractors of Technology One Limited and 
its subsidiaries (TechnologyOne) regarding trading in the company's securities. 
2. Scope 
This policy applies to all directors, officers, employees, and contractors of TechnologyOne and its subsidiaries 
(referred to as "Covered Persons"). 
3. Definitions 
a) "Securities" include shares, options, derivatives, and any other financial products of TechnologyOne that can 
be traded on a financial market.  
b) "Trading" includes buying, selling, or otherwise dealing in Securities.  
c) "Inside Information" is information that is not generally available and, if it were, would be likely to have a 
material effect on the price or value of TechnologyOne's Securities. 
 
4. Inside Information 
4.1 Definition  
Inside Information is information that:  
a) Is not generally available to the market; and  
b) If it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or 
value of TechnologyOne's Securities. 
 
4.2 Examples of Inside Information  
Inside Information may include, but is not limited to:  
a) Financial performance, including unpublished financial results  
b) Changes in TechnologyOne's actual or anticipated financial condition or business performance  
c) Significant new contracts, products, or discoveries  
d) Major acquisitions, mergers, or sell-offs  
e) Changes in Key Management Personnel (KMP) or the Board of Directors  
f) Potential or actual legal proceedings  
g) Changes in TechnologyOne's capital structure, including new share issues or debt arrangements  
h) Major changes in operations or business strategy 
i) Information materially affecting TechnologyOne's technology or intellectual property 
 
4.3 Obligations  
Covered Persons who possess Inside Information:  
a) Must not Trade in TechnologyOne's Securities  
b) Must not communicate the information to others who might Trade in TechnologyOne's Securities  
For personal use only

 
 
Page 2 of 3 
Policy Owner: Company Secretary 
Technology One Limited | ABN 84 010 487 180 
Board approved: Feb 2026 | Last reviewed: Feb 2026 
c) Should seek advice from the Company Secretary or legal counsel if unsure about the status of information 
they possess. 
 
4.4 Duration  
Information remains Inside Information until it has been fully disclosed to the ASX. 
 
5. General Prohibition 
Covered Persons must not Trade in TechnologyOne's Securities while in possession of Inside Information. 
 
6. Blackout Periods 
Covered Persons are prohibited from Trading in TechnologyOne's Securities during the following blackout 
periods:  
a) From the first day of the month preceding the Annual General Meeting (1 February) until the completion 
of the Annual General Meeting. 
b) From the first day of the month following the Annual General Meeting (1 March) to the day following the 
announcement of the half-year results to the ASX.  
c) From the first day of the month preceding the end of the full-year financial reporting period (1 
September) until the day following the announcement of the full-year results to the ASX.  
Additional blackout periods may be imposed by the Board or CEO as necessary. 
Periods of time outside of a blackout period are a Trading Window. 
 
7. Exemptions 
In exceptional circumstances, the Chair (for directors) or the Company Secretary (for all other Covered Persons) 
may grant written permission to Trade during a blackout period.  
Exceptional circumstances may include severe financial hardship or a court order requiring the sale of Securities. 
 
8. Approval of Trading outside of Blackout Periods 
The Chair, Directors and KMP are required to be granted approval from the following before Trading: 
 
Directors & KMP (CEO, COO or CFO): Approval by the Chair and notification to Company Secretary 
 
Chair: Approvals by the Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee and the Managing Director (or another Director 
if one of these is unavailable) and notification to the Company Secretary 
Details of Trading in TechnologyOne Securities undertaken by the Chair, Directors or KMP are to be provided to 
the Company Secretary as soon as possible and within two business days of the Trade at the latest so that 
notification can be made via the ASX Announcements Platform. 
 
9. Prohibited Trading Practices 
Covered Persons are prohibited from:  
 
Short-term trading (buying and selling Securities within a 3-month period)  
 
Short selling TechnologyOne's Securities  
 
Using TechnologyOne's Securities as security for loans or margin lending 
For personal use only

 
 
Page 3 of 3 
Policy Owner: Company Secretary 
Technology One Limited | ABN 84 010 487 180 
Board approved: Feb 2026 | Last reviewed: Feb 2026 
Covered Persons are not permitted at any time to enter into a transaction that is designed or intended to hedge 
their exposure to TechnologyOne securities which have not vested or are subject to a holding lock or dealing 
restriction. 
10. Compliance 
Compliance with this policy is mandatory.  
Breaches may result in disciplinary action, including termination of employment or contract.  
Breaches may also result in civil or criminal penalties under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
 
11. Review 
This policy will be reviewed annually by the Board to ensure it remains relevant and compliant with applicable 
laws and regulations. 
For personal use only
