 
 
 
16 December 2010 
 
 
Market Information   
NZX Limited 
Level 2, NZX Centre 
11 Cable Street 
Wellington 
New Zealand 
 
Company Announcements Office 
Australian Stock Exchange Limited 
Exchange Centre 
Level 6, 20 Bridge Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
 
Insider Trading & Market Manipulation Policy  
 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.9, a copy of TOWER’s Insider Trading and Market Manipulation 
Policy is attached. 
 
 
Yours faithfully  
 
 
 
Bronwyn Walsh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Manager 
TOWER Limited 
ARBN 088 481 234 Incorporated in New Zealand 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOWER Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Insider Trading and Market Manipulation Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issue Date: 
August 2010 
Next Review: 
August 2011 
Version: 
1.0 August 2010 
Applies to: 
All Staff 
Policy Owner: 
Group Managing Director 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
1. 
Policy Guidelines 
 
1.1 
Application 
This policy applies to all executive and non-executive directors, officers, employees, 
consultants and contractors of TOWER Limited (TOWER) and its subsidiaries. 
1.2 
Objective 
This policy sets out guidelines to prevent insider trading and market manipulation, and to 
provide for appropriate disclosures.  These guidelines are intended to be read in conjunction 
with, and subordinate to, the legal prohibitions in New Zealand, Australia and any other 
country where the relevant security may be listed. 
 
If you do not understand any part of this policy, or how it applies to you, you should 
raise the matter with the Company Secretary and Compliance Manager before dealing 
with any securities covered by this policy. 
1.3 
Scope 
This policy applies if you: 
 
a. 
have access to Material Information; or 
b. 
trade in Restricted Securities (either on your own account or as part of your job); 
or  
c. 
trade in any other listed securities for which you have access to Material 
Information; or 
d. 
engage in Related Party Transactions.   
 
It also restricts market manipulation and provides specific guidelines for 'Restricted Persons'. 
 
2. 
Fundamental rule 
 
2.1 
 Definitions 
In this policy: 
 
“Material Information” is information that a reasonable person would expect to have a 
material effect on the price or value of the Restricted Securities or on a decision to buy or sell 
the Restricted Securities. 
 
“Related Party Transactions” means trading in securities of a major shareholder of 
TOWER.  
 
“Restricted Person” means any of those category of persons listed in clause 1.1 of this 
policy.  
 
“Restricted Securities” means: 
 
a. 
TOWER’s ordinary shares;  
 
b. 
any other listed securities of TOWER or its subsidiaries, and any listed derivatives 
(including futures contracts listed on an authorised futures exchange) in respect of 
TOWER securities, from time to time; and 
 
c. 
any other listed securities of any public issuer where Material Information may be 
known about those securities. 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
“TOWER Securities” means: 
a. 
TOWER’s ordinary shares; and 
 
b. 
any other listed securities of TOWER or its subsidiaries, and any listed 
derivatives (including structured financial products, swaps, contracts for 
differences, spread bets, options, warrants, depositary receipts or futures 
contracts listed on an authorised futures exchange) created by third parties over  
TOWER's ordinary shares from time to time;  
 
“trade” includes buying or selling Restricted Securities, or agreeing to do so, whether as 
principal or agent and similarly includes an “intention to trade”. 
 
2.2 
 Material Information 
 Whether information is Material Information is an objective test.  It is irrelevant how you think 
the information would affect the price of the Restricted Securities. 
It does not matter how you come to know the Material Information (including whether you 
learn it in the course of carrying out your responsibilities, or in passing in the corridor, or in a 
lift, or at a social function). 
Information includes matters of supposition, intentions of a person (including TOWER), and 
information which is insufficiently definite to warrant disclosure to the public. 
The following are some examples of Material Information but this list is illustrative only.  
Material Information could include information concerning: 
 
a. 
the financial performance of the company; 
 
b. 
a possible change in the strategic direction of the company; 
 
c. 
the introduction of an important new product or service; 
 
d. 
a possible acquisition or sale of any assets or company by the company; 
 
e. 
entry into or the likely entry into or termination or likely termination of material 
contracts or other business arrangements which are not publicly known; 
 
f. 
a possible change in the company’s capital structure; 
 
g. 
a change in the historical pattern of dividends; 
 
h. 
senior management changes; 
 
i. 
a material legal claim by or against the company;  
 
j. 
regulatory changes directly affecting the company, or the industries in which the 
company operates, or one of the company’s competitors; 
 
k. 
an unexpected liability, which has not been released to the market; or 
 
l. 
an unannounced takeover offer. 
 
2.3 
Fundamental Rule – Insider trading is prohibited at all times 
If you have any Material Information, it is a breach of this policy (and illegal) for you to: 
 
a. 
trade Restricted Securities to which the Material Information relates; 
 
b. 
advise or encourage another person to trade or hold Restricted Securities to which 
the Material Information relates; 
 
For personal use only

 
 
c. 
advise or encourage a person to advise or encourage another person to trade or 
hold Restricted Securities to which the Material Information relates; and 
 
d. 
directly or indirectly pass on the Material Information to anyone else - including 
colleagues, family or friends – knowing (or where you ought reasonably to know or 
believe) that the other person will, or is likely to use that information to trade or 
hold, or encourage someone else to trade or hold, Restricted Securities to which 
the Material Information relates. 
 
The prohibitions apply regardless of how you learn of the information, and regardless of why 
you are trading or who does the trading based on your actions. 
 
Where a person related to or closely connected with a Restricted Person undertakes trading 
in Restricted Securities, there is often a presumption that such person has been privy to 
information which is held by the Restricted Person.  If that presumption is correct, both the 
Restricted Person and the other person may have engaged in insider trading.  Even if that 
presumption is incorrect, such trading may create a perception of insider trading which is 
likely to be harmful to TOWER's reputation and business. 
 
Accordingly, to the extent that it is within the Restricted Person's power to do so, Restricted 
Persons should ensure that any Restricted Securities trading which is prohibited by this policy 
is not undertaken by their: 
 
a. 
spouse or partner; 
 
b. 
immediate family members such as a parent, child, sibling, in-laws or other relative 
 
living in the Restricted Person's home or to whom material support is contributed; 
c. 
a company or trust over which the Restricted Person has influence or control 
(regardless of who is the beneficiary); 
 
d. 
a trust of which the Restricted Person is a beneficiary (other than a trust over 
which the Restricted Person exercises no control, i.e. a third person or entity 
exercises exclusive discretionary authority); and 
 
e. 
any other person over whom an Restricted Person has investment control or 
influence. 
 
The prohibition on insider trading applies not only to information concerning TOWER's 
Securities.  If a person has Material Information in relation to listed securities of another 
issuer (including futures contracts listed on an authorised futures exchange), that person 
must not trade in those securities.  This will be of particular relevance to employees of 
TOWER Investments. 
 
Material Information should only ever be disclosed to other TOWER personnel on a 
'need to know' basis. 
 
2.4 
 Exceptions and Defences 
This policy does not apply to: 
a. 
involuntary acquisitions or disposals such as by gift or inheritance; or 
 
b. 
acquisitions through an issue of new shares on the exercise of options, under a 
rights issue, or a dividend reinvestment plan, equity incentive plan or share plan 
including the TOWER Limited Executive Share Option Plan (NZ). 
 
Defences include: 
 
Chinese Walls 
Chinese walls are arrangements that restrict the flow of information between different 
departments of the same organisation so that Material Information is not communicated to a 
For personal use only

 
 
person who is charged with making a decision to act.  While the Securities Markets Act 1988 
and the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth.) each recognise a Chinese wall defence, the following 
must be proved: 
 
a. 
you did not receive or have access to Material Information; and  
 
b. 
you were not influenced by the decision of someone who had Material Information; 
and  
 
c. 
the arrangements were effective; i.e. no person who took part in the decision 
received or had access to the Material Information or was influenced by someone 
who had the information. 
 
d. 
everyone who either had Material Information or who took part in the decision 
acted in accordance within those arrangements. 
 
Other Defences 
There are other defences to insider trading, such as where Material Information was obtained 
by research and analysis and was not obtained directly or indirectly from TOWER, or where 
trading or disclosure is required by law.  However, in the first instance, you should seek 
confirmation from the Company Secretary and Compliance Manager as to whether an 
exception can be relied on before trading or disclosing information. 
 
2.5 
Liability 
Committing an insider trading offence can subject you to: 
 
a. 
criminal liability under both Australian and New Zealand law, including large fines 
and/or imprisonment; 
 
b. 
civil liability under both Australian and New Zealand law, which may include being 
sued by another party or TOWER for any loss suffered as a result of illegal activity; 
and 
 
c. 
disciplinary action for breach of this policy, which may involve your employment 
being terminated for serious misconduct.   
 
2.6 
 Market Manipulation 
The practice of market manipulation is not permitted at any time by any person.  Market 
manipulation includes, but is not limited to:  
 
a. 
Materially false or misleading statements or information released to the markets 
which is likely to induce a person to trade in the securities, impact on the price of 
the relevant securities, or which is likely to affect the way a person votes (or 
abstains from voting) on a transaction involving securities; or 
 
b. 
Acts or omissions which create a false or misleading appearance as to the extent 
of trading or the supply, demand, price or value for the relevant securities. 
 
 
3. 
Additional Trading Restrictions for Restricted Persons 
 
3.1 
 Persons covered by Securities Trading Restrictions 
Additional trading restrictions apply if you are: 
 
a. 
A director (executive or non-executive) or other officer of TOWER; 
 
b. 
a  member of the Group Executive; 
For personal use only

 
 
 
c. 
an employee who reports directly to a member of the Group Executive; 
 
d. 
an employee of TOWER Asset Management Limited (TAM); 
 
e. 
an employee (or relatives trading on their behalf) of TOWER who has access to 
the TAM dealing room; 
 
f. 
an employee who holds executive options pursuant to the TOWER Limited 
Executive Share Option Plan (NZ) or any replacement plan ; and 
 
g. 
anyone else designated by the Group Managing Director from time to time. 
 
Anyone in this category is a 'Restricted Person' for the purposes of clauses 3 and 4 of this 
policy. 
 
3.2 
 Trading restrictions for Restricted Persons - blackout 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from trading in any TOWER Securities during the blackout 
period: 
 
 
Between 1 March and the date of the announcement of TOWER’s half yearly 
results to the NZX and ASX inclusive (usually late May). 
 
 
Between 1 August and the date of the announcement of TOWER’s yearly results to 
the NZX and ASX inclusive (usually late November). 
 
unless the Chairman of TOWER’s board of directors provides a specific exemption. An 
exemption will ordinarily only be granted in situations of financial hardship and only in the 
event that the Restricted Person is not in possession of Material Information. 
 
3.3 
Trading restrictions for Restricted Persons - trading window: 
Restricted Persons may trade in TOWER Securities, providing that they are not in possession 
of Material Information, during the trading window period: 
 
 
The day after the announcement of TOWER's yearly results to the NZX and ASX 
(usually late November) until 28 February. 
 
 
The day after the announcement of TOWER's half year results to the NZX and ASX 
(usually late May) until 31 July. 
 
 
3.4 
 Additional trading restrictions for Restricted Persons (associated products)  
Restricted Persons are prohibited from entering into transactions in relation to associated 
products of TOWER Securities which operate to limit the economic risk of their TOWER 
Securities. 
 
3.5 
 Additional trading restrictions for Restricted Persons (personal trades)  
When conducting personal trades within agreed guidelines, Restricted Persons must: 
 
a. 
not conduct personal trades to mirror or ‘front-run’ trading which is performed 
within their function; and 
 
b. 
not conduct transactions on personally held TOWER investment products when 
trading securities (as part of their job) which will impact on an asset valuation and 
affect its unit price; and 
 
For personal use only

 
 
c. 
ensure that all telephone trades which occur during office  hours and use 
TOWER’s equipment to perform the trades, use voice recording trading lines; and 
 
d. 
use a broker who is a member of the NZX or the ASX (as appropriate). 
 
 
4. 
Applications for Consent for Restricted Persons 
 
4.1 
 Application for consent before trading TOWER Securities 
Before trading in TOWER Securities, at any time, Restricted Persons must seek consent 
using the Request for Consent to Trade in Listed Securities Form (see Appendix 1) and, if 
applicable, comply with sections 4.2 and 4.3. 
 
No prior notification is needed for acquisitions of TOWER Securities through an issue of new 
shares on the exercise of options, under a rights issue, a dividend reinvestment plan, equity 
incentive plan or share plan including the TOWER Limited Executive Share Option Plan (NZ). 
 
If granted, trading consent is only valid for a period of 15 trading days after notification of 
approval.  Trading consent is automatically deemed to be withdrawn if the person becomes 
aware of Material Information prior to trading. 
 
4.2 
Certain Trades to be approved by Chairperson  
The following trades by Restricted Persons must be approved by the Chairman of the Board:  
 
a. 
an acquisition or disposal of Restricted Securities by a TOWER Limited director or 
the Group Chief Financial Officer; or 
 
b. 
an acquisition or disposal of more than (20,000) TOWER Securities; or 
 
c. 
an acquisition or disposal involving TOWER Securities valued at NZ($25,000) or 
more.  
 
All proposed trades in TOWER Securities by the Chairman of the Board must be approved by 
any other TOWER director. 
 
4.3 
Trades by employees of TOWER Asset Management 
In addition to submitting the Request for Consent to Trade in Listed Securities Form (see 
Appendix 1), Restricted Persons who are employees (or relatives trading on their behalf) of 
TOWER Asset Management or who have access to the TAM dealing room must complete the 
Personal Pre-Trade Authorisation form on the TOWER intranet site: 
 
http://otis/intranetforms/PreTradeAuthorisation/Application.aspx  
 
4.4 
When approval to trade TOWER Securities will be given 
Approval to trade TOWER Securities will only be given if the Group Managing Director or 
Chairman of the Board (as applicable) is satisfied as to all of the following: 
 
a. 
the decision to buy or sell TOWER Securities has not been made on the basis of 
Material Information; and 
 
b. 
the applicant does not intend to sell the TOWER Securities within 6 months of 
when they are purchased. 
 
4.5 
Purchase of the TOWER Securities will be at their fair value  
The applicant will be notified of the outcome of the application within 5 business days from 
when their completed application form was received. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
   
5. 
Miscellaneous Provisions 
 
5.1 
If in doubt, don’t 
The rules contained in this policy do not replace your legal obligations.  The boundary 
between what is (and is not) in breach of the law is not always clear.  Sometimes behaviour 
that you consider to be ethical may actually be insider trading.  If in doubt, don't! 
Also, there are no 'safe' periods for dealing in Restricted Securities. You may never deal in 
Restricted Securities if you have Material Information. 
5.2 
Breaches of Policy 
Strict compliance with this policy is a condition of employment.  Breaches of this policy will be 
subject to disciplinary action, which may include termination of employment. 
5.3 
Monitoring of Trading 
TOWER does monitor the trading of directors and employees as part of the administration of 
this policy. 
5.4 
Notification of Requirements After Trading 
Restricted Persons must advise the Company Secretary and Compliance Manager promptly 
following completion of any trade or in regard to any other change in the ownership of 
TOWER Securities and must comply with any disclosure obligations they may have under the 
Securities Markets (Disclosure of Relevant Interests by Directors and Officers) Regulations 
2003 or any other legislation relevant to the securities market on which the TOWER 
Securities are listed. 
 
Directors of TOWER must report all acquisitions or disposals of Restricted Securities, 
including date, price and volume, without exception so that TOWER can comply with its NZX 
and ASX reporting obligations. 
5.5 
Short Term Trading Prohibited 
You should not engage in short term trading (the buying or selling of Restricted Securities 
within a 3 month period of your last such opposite transaction), unless there are exceptional 
circumstances discussed with and approved by the Company Secretary and Compliance 
Manager. 
 
Short term trading can be a key indicator of insider trading, particularly if undertaken on a 
regular basis or in large amounts.  Therefore, to reduce the risk of an allegation of insider 
trading, do not trade Restricted Securities on a short-term basis. 
5.6 
Confidentiality 
 
In addition to the above, you also have a duty of confidentiality to TOWER.  You must not 
reveal any confidential information concerning TOWER to a third party (unless that third party 
has signed a confidentiality agreement with TOWER and you have been authorised to 
disclose the confidential information), or to use confidential information in any way which may 
injure or cause loss to TOWER, or use confidential information to gain an advantage for 
yourself. You should ensure that external advisers keep TOWER information confidential. 
5.7 
Review of Policy 
This policy will be reviewed regularly.  Comments and queries should be given to the 
Company Secretary & Compliance Manager. 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
Appendix 1 - Request for Consent to Trade in TOWER Securities Form 
 
To:  Company Secretary and Compliance Manager, TOWER Limited (TOWER) 
 
In accordance with TOWER's Insider Trading and Market Manipulation Policy, I request TOWER’s 
consent be given to the following proposed transaction to be undertaken either by me or persons 
associated with me, within 15 days of approval being given.  I acknowledge TOWER is not advising or 
encouraging me to trade or hold securities and does not provide any securities recommendation. 
 
 
 
Name: 
 
 
Name of registered holder transacting (if 
different): 
 
 
Address: 
 
 
Position: 
 
 
Description and number of securities: 
 
 
Type of proposed transaction: 
Purchase/sale/other (specify) 
 
To be transacted: 
On NZX/ASX/off-market trade/other (specify) 
Likely date of transaction (on or about): 
 
 
 
 
I declare that: 
I do not hold Material Information regarding TOWER Securities within the meaning of TOWER's 
Insider Trading and Market Manipulation Policy.  
I confirm: 
 
(where the proposed transaction is an acquisition) I do not intend to sell the TOWER Securities 
within 6 months of when they are purchased; and 
 
The price I am paying or receiving is arms length and fair, taking into account the price at which 
TOWER shares trade on the relevant date.I know of no reason to prohibit me from trading in 
TOWER Securities and certify that the details given above are complete, true and correct. 
 
 
 
 
 
Signature ______________________________________________ Date _____________________ 
 
 
 
 
TOWER hereby consents / does not consent to the proposed transaction described above.  Any 
consent is conditional on the proposed transaction being completed within 15 trading days of the date 
of this consent, and in compliance with TOWER's Insider Trading and Market Manipulation Policy.  
Where staff are Restricted Persons who have access to the TAM dealing room, Personal Pre-Trade 
Authorisation has been approved / declined. 
 
 
 
For personal use only
