Universal Store Holdings Limited ABN 94 628 836 484 
 Unit 6/2 Jenner Street, Nundah, Qld 4012  
p: 07 3368 6500     f: 07 3368 6516     e: mail@universalstore.com.au 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
31 May 2022 
Universal Store Holdings Limited 
ABN 94 628 836 484 
Amended Securities Trading Policy 
Universal Store Holdings Limited (ASX:UNI) (Company) provides its amended Securities Trading Policy to 
the ASX for release to the market, in accordance with Listing Rule 10.12. 
UNI notes that the mandated Blackout Periods prior to the release of half year and full year financial results, 
have been amended to apply from: 
•
the close of the ASX trading day on 30 November each year, until 10:00am AEST on the ASX 
trading day following the day on which the Company's half yearly results are released to the ASX;
•
the close of the ASX trading day on 31 May each year, until 10:00am AEST on the ASX trading 
day following the day on which the Company's full year results are released to the ASX.
No other amendments were made to the Securities Trading Policy. 
Authorised by: 
The Board of Directors 
For further information please contact: 
Alice Barbery  
Chief Executive Officer 
+617 3368 6503
investorrelations@universalstore.com.au
About UNI 
Universal Store is a speciality retailer of youth casual apparel in 73 stores across Australia as well as a fast-
growing online channel. 
The Company’s strategy is to deliver a frequently changing and carefully curated selection of on-trend 
apparel products to a target 16-35 year-old fashion focused customer. Universal Store seeks to provide a 
high level of customer service, consistent price proposition and a welcoming and engaging store 
environment. If offers a diversity of brands and styles in order to cater to the constantly evolving and widely 
varied tastes and trends observed in the youth apparel market. 
The Company is trialling a standalone Perfect Stranger concept with three stores and an online channel. 
For personal use only

 
1 
SECURITES TRADING POLICY 
APPROVED 30 May 2022 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
1. Purpose 
 
a) The Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) prohibits the trading in shares, options, 
debentures (including convertible notes) and other securities (securities) of a company by any 
person who is in possession of price sensitive information regarding that company that is not 
generally available.  The Corporations Act: 
 
i. imposes substantial penalties on persons who breach those provisions; and  
ii. applies to the extent of any inconsistency between it and this policy.  
 
b) This policy regulates dealings by directors and certain officers of Universal Store Holdings Limited 
(ACN 628 836 484) (Universal Store or the Company) and other designated persons, in securities 
in Universal Store about which they acquire Inside Information through their position or dealings with 
Universal Store. 
 
c) This policy is not designed to prohibit Universal Store Persons from investing in Universal Store 
securities, but does recognise that there may be times when directors, officers or certain employees 
cannot or should not invest in Universal Store securities. 
 
2. Definitions 
 
For the purposes of this policy: 
 
a) “Blackout Period” has the meaning given in section 4.1 of this policy; 
 
b) “Board” means the board of directors of the Company from time to time; 
 
c) “Company Secretary” means the secretary of the Company from time to time; 
 
d) “Directors and Senior Management” means each director of Universal Store, the Chief Executive 
Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and Company Secretary of Universal Store, Key Management 
Personnel and persons as the Board decides from time to time; 
 
e) “Inside Information” has the meaning given in section 3.2 of this policy; and 
 
f) 
“Key Management Personnel” has the meaning given in the Corporations Act. 
 
g) “Universal Store Person” means: 
 
i. 
all Directors and Senior Management, persons who work closely with Senior Management 
and/or who work in the finance or strategy team, IT staff who may have access to sensitive 
materials, and any other employees who may come into possession of market sensitive 
information before the market becomes aware of such information and any other person 
designated a Universal Store Person by the Board in writing; and  
 
ii. 
also includes:  
1. a company or trust controlled by any of the persons referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above; 
and 
For personal use only

 
2 
SECURITES TRADING POLICY 
APPROVED 30 May 2022 
2. for the purposes of section 4 only, a spouse (including a de facto spouse), child (including 
a step-child or adopted child), a close relative, a person financially dependent on or acting 
in concert with any of the persons referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above. 
 
  
3. Insider trading  
 
3.1 General prohibition on insider trading 
 
a) No Universal Store Person may, while in possession of Inside Information concerning Universal 
Store, in breach of the Corporations Act:  
 
i. buy or sell any Universal Store securities at any time;  
ii. procure another person to deal in Universal Store securities in any way; or  
iii. pass on any Inside Information to another person for that person’s own personal gain by 
dealing in Universal Store securities in any way. 
 
b) All Universal Store Persons are prohibited from dealing in the securities of outside companies about 
which they acquire Inside Information through their position with Universal Store. 
 
c) The requirements imposed by this policy are in addition to any legal prohibitions on insider trading.  
Trading in Universal Store securities is prohibited at any time by a director or a Universal Store 
Person if that person possesses Inside Information.  
 
3.2 Inside Information 
A Universal Store Person is responsible for assessing whether they possess “Inside Information”. This 
occurs where: 
 
a) the person possesses information that is not generally available to the public and, if the information 
were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price 
or value of Universal Store’s securities (or a decision whether or not to trade in them); and 
 
b) the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the information is not generally available and, if 
it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price 
or value of Universal Store’s securities. 
 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price or value of 
securities if the information would, or would be likely to, influence a person who commonly invests in 
securities to either deal or not deal in securities in any way.  Inside Information in relation to the securities of 
outside companies has the same meaning for the purposes of this policy, except that references to 
“Universal Store’s securities” should be read as references to the securities of the outside company.  
 
4. Restrictions on trading in Blackout Periods 
 
4.1 Blackout Periods 
a) Universal Store Persons, subject to sections 4.3 and 6, may not buy or sell Universal Store securities 
during a Blackout Period.  
b) “Blackout Periods” are times when Universal Store Persons must not deal in the Company’s 
securities. 
 
The following are mandated Blackout Periods: 
i. from the close of the ASX trading day on 30 November each year, until 10:00am AEST on the ASX 
trading day following the day on which the Company's half yearly results are released to the ASX;  
ii. from the close of the ASX trading day on 31 May each year, until 10:00am AEST on the ASX trading 
day following the day on which the Company's full year results are released to the ASX; 
For personal use only

 
3 
SECURITES TRADING POLICY 
APPROVED 30 May 2022 
iii. from the close of the ASX trading day two weeks prior to the date of the Company’s AGM until 
10:00am AEST on the ASX trading day following the date of the Company’s AGM; and 
iv. any other period that the Board specifies from time to time. 
 
If any of the dates referred to in clauses 4.1(b)(i)-(ii) are not ASX trading days, then the Blackout Period 
begins on the preceding ASX trading day. 
 
During Blackout Periods Universal Store Persons must not deal in any of the Company's financial products 
or securities, or in any securities related to them. 
 
4.2 Notifications 
 
a) Universal Store Persons must:  
 
i. prior to dealing in Universal Store securities outside a Blackout Period or where 
paragraph 5 requires the person to obtain a consent under paragraph 4.2, notify the 
relevant person in paragraph 4.2(c) (the Authorising Officer) of their proposed 
dealing and obtain consent from the Authorising Officer; and 
ii. confirm that they are not in possession of any Inside Information; and 
iii. within 2 Business Days of dealing with the Universal Store securities, provide the 
Authorising Officer with a transaction confirmation.  
 
b) For the avoidance of doubt, the Universal Store Person seeking authorisation cannot be their own 
Authorising Officer. 
 
c) Authorising Officer  
 
Universal Store Person seeking authorisation 
Authorising Officer 
Chair of the Board 
The chair of the Audit and Risk Committee 
Other directors, Company Secretary and any other 
Key Management Personnel 
The chair of the Board or, in his/her absence, the 
chair of the Audit and Risk Committee 
Any other Universal Store Person 
The Chief Executive Officer 
 
4.3 Exceptional circumstances 
 
a) In exceptional circumstances the Authorising Officer, has discretion to approve dealings in Universal 
Store securities during a Blackout Period, or other dealings that would otherwise be prohibited by 
this policy.  Any approval given under this section 4.3(a), must be provided by electronic delivery via 
email.  The notification requirements still apply. 
 
b) What constitutes “exceptional circumstances” will be assessed on a case-by-case basis within the 
absolute discretion of the Board, and may include, without limitation, severe financial hardship or a 
requirement to comply with a court order or court enforceable undertaking.  
 
4.4 Company secretary to maintain records 
 
The Company Secretary will maintain a copy of: 
 
a) all requests for an approval to deal in Universal Store’s securities submitted by a Universal Store 
Person; and 
b) details of all dealings in Universal Store’s securities made by a Universal Store Person. 
 
For personal use only

 
4 
SECURITES TRADING POLICY 
APPROVED 30 May 2022 
5. Other restrictions  
 
5.1 No speculative trading 
 
Under no circumstances should Universal Store Persons engage in short-term or speculative trading in 
Universal Store securities. This prohibition includes short term direct dealing in Universal Store securities as 
well as transactions in the derivative markets, involving exchange traded options, share warrants, contracts 
for difference, and other similar instruments, which are short term or speculative.  
 
5.2 No protection arrangements 
 
The entering into of all types of “protection arrangements” for any Universal Store securities (or Universal 
Store products in the derivatives markets):  
 
a) is prohibited at any time in respect of any Universal Store securities which are unvested or subject to 
a holding lock; and 
b) otherwise, requires consent under paragraph 4.2.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt and without limiting the generality of this policy, entering into protection 
arrangements includes entering into transactions which: 
 
c) Amount to “short selling” of securities beyond the Universal Store Person’s holding of securities; 
 
d) Operate to limit the economic risk of any Universal Store Person’s security holding (e.g. hedging 
arrangements) including Universal Store’s securities held beneficially (for example, in trust or under 
any Universal Store incentive plan) on that Universal Store Person’s behalf; or 
 
e) Otherwise enable a Universal Store Person to profit from a decrease in the market price of 
securities.   
 
6. Exemptions  
 
a) Universal Store Persons may at any time: 
 
i. trade Universal Store securities where the trading does not result in a change of beneficial 
interest in the securities; 
ii. acquire securities under any director or employee security plan or through the exercise of 
options or performance rights under an option or performance rights plan or acquire, or agree 
to acquire, options or performance rights under an option or performance rights plan. 
However, any dealing in those securities remains subject to this policy and the provisions of 
the Corporations Act; 
iii. transfer Universal Store securities already held into a self-managed superannuation fund or 
other saving scheme in which the restricted person is a beneficiary; 
iv. acquire Universal Store’s ordinary shares by conversion of securities giving a right of 
conversion to Universal Store’s ordinary shares; 
v. acquire Universal Store’s securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of securities of 
the same class; 
vi. undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer; 
vii. invest in, or trade in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only investing in 
the securities of Universal Store) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at 
the discretion of a third party; 
viii. a disposal of Universal Store securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their 
rights under a loan or security agreement; 
ix. where a restricted person is a trustee, trade in the securities managed by that trust provided 
the restricted person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a 
For personal use only

 
5 
SECURITES TRADING POLICY 
APPROVED 30 May 2022 
prohibited period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers independently 
of the restricted person. 
x. trade under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, such as, a rights 
issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan or an equal 
access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer has 
been approved by the Board.  This includes deciding whether or not to take up the 
entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of 
entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue. 
 
b) If a Universal Store Person undertakes any of the actions described in paragraph (a), that Universal 
Store Person must advise the relevant Authorising Officer (as set out in clause 4.2(c)). 
 
7. ASX Notifications  
 
a) Universal Store must notify ASX within 5 business days after any change to a director’s relevant 
interest in Universal Store securities or a related body corporate of Universal Store, including 
whether the change occurred inside a Blackout Period and, if so, whether prior written clearance was 
provided. 
 
b) To enable Universal Store to comply with the obligation set out in paragraph (a), a director must 
immediately (and no later than 3 business days after any relevant event) notify the Company 
Secretary in writing of the requisite information for the Company Secretary to make the necessary 
notifications to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and ASX as required under 
the Corporations Act and ASX Listing Rules.  
 
c) If Universal Store makes a material change to this trading policy, the amended trading policy will be 
provided to the ASX for release to the market within 5 business days of the material changes taking 
effect.   
 
8. General  
 
a) A breach of this policy will be regarded seriously and may lead to disciplinary action, including 
dismissal. 
 
b) This policy will be made available on the Universal Store website.  
 
c) If you require any further information or assistance or are uncertain about the application of the law 
or this trading policy in any situation, please contact the Company Secretary. 
 
For personal use only
