      UNITED OVERSEAS AUSTRALIA LTD 
ACN 009 245 890 
Suite 1, 467 Scarborough Beach Road, OSBORNE PARK  WA  6017                                                           
P.O. Box 1788, Osborne Park DC, W.A. 6017                                                                                     
Tel: (+618) 9217 9800 • Fax: (+618) 9217 9899 
 
MALAYSIAN OFFICE: 
Wisma UOA Bangsar South 
Tower 1, Avenue 3, The Horizon, Bangsar South  
No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200. KUALA LUMPUR 
Tel: (+603) 2245 9188 • Fax: (+603) 2245 9168 
 
 
16 December 2010 
 
Company Announcements Manager 
 
 
 
Company Announcements Manager 
Australian Securities Exchange Limited   
 
 
Singapore Stock Exchange 
4th Floor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 Shenton Way 
20 Bridge Street 
 
 
 
 
 
#19 SGX Centre 
SYDNEY  NSW  2000 
 
 
 
 
 
SINGAPORE  068804 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Transmitted Electronically” 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Re: 
Securities Dealing Policy 
 
 
Please find attached a copy of the “Securities Dealing Policy” which has been adopted by this 
company. 
 
 
 
 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
 
Alan Winduss 
Secretary 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Page 1 
UNITED OVERSEAS AUSTRALIA LIMITED 
ACN 009 245 890 
SECURITIES DEALING POLICY 
 
Scope of this policy 
1. 
This policy applies to all directors, executives, employees, contractors, consultants and 
advisors (together "Designated Persons") of United Overseas Australia Limited 
("Company") and its subsidiaries. 
2. 
In this policy "Company Securities" includes: 
(a) 
any shares in the Company,  
(b) 
any other securities issued by the Company such as debentures and options; 
and 
(c) 
derivatives and other financial products issued by third parties in relation to 
the Company's shares, debentures and options. 
3. 
To "deal" in the Company Securities includes: 
(a) 
subscribing for, purchasing or selling the Company Securities or entering into an 
agreement to do any of those things;  
(b) 
advising, procuring or encouraging another person (including a family member, 
friend, associate, colleague, family company or family trust) to trade in the 
Company Securities; and 
(c) 
entering into agreements or transactions which operate to limit the economic risk 
of a person's holdings in the Company Securities. 
Purpose of the policy 
1. 
This policy sets out the circumstances in which the Designated Persons may deal in the 
Company Securities with the objective that no Designated Person will contravene the 
requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) ("Corporations Act").  
2. 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
(a) 
ensure that the Designated Persons adhere to high ethical and legal standards in 
relation to their personal investment in Company Securities;  
(b) 
ensure that the personal investments of the Designated Persons do not conflict 
with the interests of the Company and those  of other holders of Company 
Securities; 
(c) 
preserve market confidence in the integrity of dealings in Company Securities; 
and 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy   
 
 
 
Page 2 
(d) 
ensure the reputation of the Company is maintained. 
3. 
This policy is not designed to prohibit the Designated Persons from investing in 
Company Securities but does recognise that there may be times when Designated 
Persons cannot or should not invest in Company Securities.  This policy provides 
guidance to Designated Persons as to the times when Designated Persons may deal in 
Company Securities.   
Outline of Corporations Act requirements 
1. 
A person is in possession of "inside information" in relation to the Company in 
circumstances where: 
(a) 
the person possesses information that is not generally available and, if the 
information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to 
have a material effect on the price or value of the Company Securities; and 
(b) 
the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the information is not 
generally available and, if it were generally available, a reasonable person would 
expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of the Company 
Securities.  
2. 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on 
the price or value of the Company securities if the information would, or would be 
likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or 
not to deal in the Company Securities in any way.  It does not matter how the 
Designated Person come to have the inside information. 
3. 
If a Designated Person possesses "inside information" in relation to the Company, the 
person must not: 
(a) 
deal in the Company Securities in any way; nor  
(b) directly or indirectly communicate the information, or cause the information to 
be communicated, to another person if the person knows, or ought reasonably to 
know, that the other person would, or would be likely to, deal in the Company 
Securities in any way or procure a third person to deal in the Company Securities 
in any way. 
4. 
The Designated Persons may obtain inside information in relation to another company.  
For example in the course of negotiating a transaction with the Company, another 
company might provide confidential information about itself.  The prohibition on 
insider trading is not restricted to information affecting Company Securities.  The 
Designated Persons in possession of the inside information must not deal in securities of 
those other companies. 
5. 
A Designated Person who deals in the Company Securities while in possession of "inside 
information" will be liable to both civil and criminal penalties.  The penalties are: 
(a) 
in the case of a natural person, a fine of up to $220,000 or imprisonment for 5 
years or both;  
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy   
 
 
 
Page 3 
(b) 
in the case of a body corporate, a fine of up to $1.1 million; and 
(c) 
unlimited civil liability equivalent to the damages caused. 
Examples of "inside information" 
Examples of information which may be considered to be "inside information" include the 
details relating to the items listed below (this is not an exhaustive list): 
(a) 
drilling results, mining exploration results, production figures and the like; 
(b) prospective financial information;  
(c) 
proposed transactions; 
(d) 
unpublished announcements; 
(e) 
proposed changes in capital structure, including share issues, rights issues and the 
redemption of securities; 
(f) 
impending mergers, acquisitions, reconstructions, takeovers, etc; 
(g) 
significant litigation and disputes; 
(h) 
significant changes in operations or proposed changes in the general character or 
nature of the business of the Company or its subsidiaries; 
(i) 
cashflow information; 
(j) 
major or material purchases or sales of assets; and 
(k) 
proposed or new significant contracts. 
Company's policy on dealing in Company Securities 
1. 
No short term trading: Notwithstanding the following, Designated Persons should not 
engage in short term trading of any of the Company Securities. In general, the 
purchase of Company Securities with a view to resale within a 12 month period and the 
sale of Company Securities with a view to repurchase within a 12 month period would 
be considered to be transactions of a "short term" nature.  However, the sale of shares 
immediately after they have been acquired through the conversion of a security (eg. 
exercise of an option) will not be regarded as short term trading. 
2. 
Recommended trading period: Subject to the below, the recommended time (in terms of 
avoiding suggestions of insider trading) for any Designated Person to deal in the 
Company Securities is during the 4 week period from the: 
(a) 
date of the Company's AGM;  
(b) 
release by the Company of its quarterly activities report; 
(c) 
release by the Company of its half yearly results announcement to ASX; 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy   
 
 
 
Page 4 
(d) 
release by the Company of its yearly results announcement to ASX; or 
(e) 
release of a prospectus or other disclosure document offering equity securities in 
the Company,  
provided that the person is not at the time of dealing in possession of any inside 
information relating to the Company or its securities.   
3. 
Directors and executives: A director or executive (as determined by the Board of the 
Company) must not deal in the Company Securities without the prior consent of the 
Chairman of the Board ("Chairman").  A director or senior executive must also notify 
the Company Secretary of his or her intention to trade and provide the Company 
Secretary with subsequent confirmation of the trading that has occurred. 
4. 
Chairman: The Chairman must not deal in Company Securities without the prior 
approval of the Board or the next most senior director.  The Chairman must notify the 
Company Secretary of his intention to trade and provide the Company Secretary with 
subsequent confirmation of the trading that has occurred. 
5. 
Employees other than executives: Employees may deal in the Company Securities at 
any time provided the Employee notifies the Company Secretary before commencing 
the transaction and, after the transaction has occurred, provides confirmation of the 
trading.  Employees are strongly advised to limit dealing in the Company Securities to 
the recommended timing referred to in paragraph 2 above.  In any event, the 
Employees must not deal in the Company Securities at any time if the Employee is in 
possession of any inside information relating to those securities. 
6. 
Exercise of options, participation in employee share option plans: Subject to the insider 
trading provisions of the Corporations Act, directors and employees of the Company 
may at any time: 
(a) 
acquire the Company ordinary shares by conversion of securities giving a right of 
conversion to ordinary shares; 
(b) acquire the Company Securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of 
securities of the same class; 
(c) 
acquire the Company Securities under a dividend reinvestment, or top-up plan 
that is available to all holders of securities of the same class; 
(d) acquire, or agree to acquire, options under a Company share option plan; and 
(e) 
exercise options acquired under a Company share option plan (but may not sell 
all or part of the shares received upon exercise of the options other than in 
accordance with these procedures). 
ASX notification by directors 
1. 
In accordance with Listing Rules, a director must notify the ASX within 5 
business days after any change in the Director's relevant interest in securities of the 
Company or a related body corporate of the Company. 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy   
 
 
 
Page 5 
2. 
A director must notify the Company Secretary in writing of the requisite information 
for the Company Secretary to make the necessary notifications to ASIC and ASX as 
required by the Corporations Act and the ASX Listing Rules. 
Consequences of breach 
Strict compliance with this policy is mandatory for all persons covered under this policy.  
Breaches of this policy may damage the Company's reputation in the investment community 
and undermine confidence in the market for Company Securities.  Accordingly, breaches will 
be taken very seriously by the Company and will be subject to disciplinary action, including 
possible termination of a person's employment or appointment. 
Questions / further information 
If you have any questions or need further information on how to comply with this policy, 
please contact the Company Secretary. 
 
For personal use only
