 
13 March 2025
 
www.unicosilver.com.au 
1 
REVISED SECURITIES TRADING POLICY  
Unico Silver Limited ("USL" or the "Company") advises in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10 that its 
Securities Trading Policy (Policy) has been revised.  
 
A copy of the revised Policy is attached and is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://unicosilver.com.au/corporate-governance/. 
 
 
### ENDS ### 
THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS AUTHORISED FOR RELEASE TO THE MARKET BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
OF UNICO SILVER LIMITED 
CONTACT 
For more information, please contact: 
TODD WILLIAMS 
Managing Director  
todd@unicosilver.com.au 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Security Trading Policy 
 
Unico Silver Limited 
ACN 116 865 546 
For personal use only

 
Unico Silver Limited (ACN 116 865 546) 
Security Trading Policy v3.0 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Table of Contents 
1. 
Overview ........................................................................................................................................... 4 
2. 
Application ........................................................................................................................................ 4 
3. 
Meaning of “Securities” .................................................................................................................... 4 
4. 
What is Insider Trading? ................................................................................................................... 4 
5. 
Trading Restrictions .......................................................................................................................... 6 
6. 
Approval and Notification Requirements ......................................................................................... 9 
7. 
Breach of this Policy or Law ............................................................................................................11 
8. 
Further Assistance ...........................................................................................................................12 
9. 
Review of this Policy .......................................................................................................................12 
10. 
Securities Trading Request Notice ..................................................................................................13 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Unico Silver Limited (ACN 116 865 546) 
Security Trading Policy v3.0 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Document History 
Version 
Summary of Amendments 
Approved by 
Approval date 
1.0 
Initial Securities Trading Policy  
 
12 May 2020 
2.0 
Review of Policy 
Board 
25 October 2022 
3.0 
Review of Policy 
Board 
12 March 2025 
 
Legislative and Regulatory Framework 
Authority 
Law, Resolution or Regulation 
ASX Corporate Governance 
Council 
ASX Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendation (2019) 
(“ASX Principles”) 
Australian Government 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (“Corporations Act”) 
 
Other Policy Details 
Key Information 
Details 
Approval Body 
Board of Directors 
Key Stakeholders 
Board of Directors 
Senior Management 
Responsibility for 
Implementation 
Managing Director 
 
Policy Custodian 
Company Secretary 
Next Review Date 
March 2027 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Unico Silver Limited (ACN 116 865 546) 
Security Trading Policy v3.0 
Page 4 of 13 
 
1. 
Overview 
1.1. 
This Securities Trading Policy (the “Policy”) sets out the policy of Unico Silver Limited (the 
“Company” or “Unico Silver”) on dealings by directors of the Company (the “Directors”) and 
employees in:  
(a) 
securities of the Company (“Company Securities”); and 
(b) 
securities of other entities. 
1.2. 
If you do not understand any part of this Policy, the summary of the law or how it applies to you, 
you should raise the matter with the Company Secretary before dealing with any securities 
covered by this Policy 
2. 
Application 
2.1. 
This Policy applies to: 
(a) 
all directors and officers of the Company (including the Managing Director); 
(b) 
all direct reports of the Managing Director; 
(c) 
all other employees of the Company (including consultants and contractors); and 
(collectively referred to as “Relevant Person”) 
(d) 
‘Connected Persons’ of all persons prescribed under 2.1 (a) to (c). 
2.2. 
A Connected Person means a spouse or partner, child or step-child under 18 years, an unlisted 
body corporate or any other entity which the Relevant Person controls, a trust of which the 
Relevant Person is a trustee and of which he or she or any of the persons referred to above is a 
beneficiary or any other person over whom the Relevant Person has significant influence or 
control. 
2.3. 
Relevant Persons must take appropriate steps to ensure that their Connected Persons do not 
breach this Policy. Accordingly, where this Policy requires a Relevant Person to obtain clearance, 
that person must also do it for their closely related parties or ensure that their closely related 
party does it. 
3. 
Meaning of “Securities” 
3.1. 
For the purposes of this Policy, "Securities" means shares, debentures, options to subscribe for 
new shares and options over existing shares, warrant contracts and other derivatives relating to 
the shares. 
4. 
What is Insider Trading? 
Prohibition 
4.1. 
If you have any Inside Information (see definition in Section 4.3) about the Company (or another 
relevant entity, such as a company with which the Company is considering a transaction) which 
is not publicly known, it is a criminal offence for you to: 
(a) 
trade in Company Securities (or securities of the other relevant entity); 
(b) 
advice or procure another person to trade in Company Securities (or securities of the 
other relevant entity); or 
(c) 
pass on Inside Information to someone else (including colleagues, family or friends) 
For personal use only

 
Unico Silver Limited (ACN 116 865 546) 
Security Trading Policy v3.0 
Page 5 of 13 
 
knowing (or where you should have reasonably known) that the other person will, or is 
likely to, use that information to trade in, or procure someone else to trade in, Company 
Securities (or securities of the other relevant entity). 
Consequences of insider trading 
4.2. 
This offence, called “insider trading”, can subject you to: 
(a) 
criminal liability including large fines and/or imprisonment (or both); 
(b) 
a civil penalty (fine) of up to hundreds of thousands of dollars; and 
(c) 
civil liability, which may include being sued for any loss suffered as a result of illegal 
trading. 
Inside information 
4.3. 
“Inside information” is information that: 
(a) 
price sensitive; 
(b) 
is not generally available; and 
(c) 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect that it would (or would 
be likely to) influence investors in deciding whether to buy or sell particular securities.  
4.4. 
The financial impact of the information is important, but strategic and other implications can be 
equally important in determining whether information is Inside Information. The definition of 
information is broad enough to include rumours, matters of supposition, intentions of a person 
(including the Company) and information which is insufficiently definite to warrant disclosure to 
the public.  
4.5. 
Importantly, you need not be an "Insider" to come across Inside Information.  That is, it does not 
matter how you come to know the Inside Information (for example, you could learn it in the 
course of carrying out your responsibilities or in passing in the corridor or a lift or at a dinner 
party). 
4.6. 
The following is a non-exhaustive list of examples of information which could be regarded as 
inside information: 
(a) 
the Company considering a major acquisition, such as the purchase of another mining 
company or a significant stake in a strategic resource project.; 
(b) 
the threat of major litigation against the Company, including environmental claims, 
regulatory investigations, or disputes with joint venture partners.; 
(c) 
the Company’s revenue and profit or loss results materially exceeding (or falling short of) 
the market’s expectations; 
(d) 
a material change in debt, liquidity or cash flow, including securing or losing a major 
financing facility or an unexpected cost increase affecting profitability.; 
(e) 
pending ASX announcements, related to production forecasts, project approvals, or 
regulatory changes impacting the Company's international operations; 
(f) 
a significant new development proposal (e.g. new site); 
(g) 
the grant or loss of a major contract; 
(h) 
a management or business restructuring proposal, including leadership changes; 
(i) 
a share issue proposal; 
(j) 
an agreement or option to acquire an interest in a mining tenement, or to enter into a 
For personal use only

 
Unico Silver Limited (ACN 116 865 546) 
Security Trading Policy v3.0 
Page 6 of 13 
 
joint venture or farm-in or farm-out arrangement in relation to a mining tenement; and 
(k) 
significant discoveries, exploration results, or changes in reserve/resource estimates 
from mining tenements in which the Company has an interest.  
4.7. 
Insider trading is prohibited at all times. 
4.8. 
The prohibition on insider trading applies not only to information concerning Company Securities.  
If a person has Inside Information in relation to securities of another company, that person must 
not deal in those securities. 
4.9. 
The prohibition does not apply to acquisitions of shares or options by employees made under 
employee share or option schemes, nor does it apply to the acquisition of shares as a result of 
the exercise of options under an employee option scheme. However, the prohibition does apply 
to the sale of shares acquired under an employee share scheme and to the sale of shares acquired 
following the exercise of an option granted under an employee option scheme.  
5. 
Trading Restrictions 
General 
5.1. 
This Policy, and the laws and regulations to which it refers, apply equally to both the buying and 
the selling of Securities. 
5.2. 
Wherever the words “trading” or “dealing” are used, you should take that to mean both buying 
and selling and note that it makes no difference how many Securities are bought or sold, nor 
whether you make a profit or a loss on that transaction. 
5.3. 
Relevant Persons cannot undo or cancel a restricted or illegal trade, so they must consider their 
position before they act. 
Additional Restriction 
5.4. 
Additional restrictions (described below in 5.8) on trading in Company Securities apply to 
Restricted Persons (defined below in 5.6). 
5.5. 
Each Restricted Person must:  
(a) 
ensure that any trading by their Connected Persons is undertaken in accordance with this 
Policy, and 
(b) 
ensure that their Connected Persons are aware of this Policy and the restrictions it 
contains. 
Restricted Persons 
5.6. 
“Restricted Persons” are: 
(a) 
all Directors; 
(b) 
all Key Management Personnel of the Company;  
(c) 
Key Management Personnel’s executive assistants; 
(d) 
the next layer of management below the Key Management Personnel and any other staff 
who may have access to their emails; and 
(e) 
employees who have been notified that they are Restricted Persons for the purposes of 
this Policy. 
5.7. 
Key Management Personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, 
directing and controlling the activities of the entity, directly or indirectly, including any Director 
(whether executive or otherwise) of that entity.  
For personal use only

 
Unico Silver Limited (ACN 116 865 546) 
Security Trading Policy v3.0 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Restrictions on Dealing 
5.8. 
Restricted Persons must not deal in Company Securities at any time: 
(a) 
without prior approval (refer to Section 6).  
(b) 
Restricted Persons must not deal in Company Securities during any of the following 
Closed Periods: 
i. four weeks prior to, and 48 hours after the release of the Company’s Annual Report; 
and 
ii. four weeks prior to, and 48 hours after the release of the Annual and Half Year 
Financial Report of the Company; 
iii. two weeks prior to, and 48 hours after the release of the Company’s quarterly reports 
(if applicable), and 
iv. any other period that the Board specifies from time to time 
(together the “Closed Periods”). 
5.9. 
The Company Secretary will notify all Restricted Persons of the opening and closing of Closed 
Period windows, and any other period determined by the Board to be a Closed Period. 
No short-term trading in the Company’s securities  
5.10. 
Restricted Persons should never engage in short-term trading of the Company’s securities except 
for the exercise of options where the shares will be sold shortly thereafter. 
Securities in other companies  
5.11. 
Buying and selling securities of other companies with which the Company may be dealing is 
prohibited where an individual possesses information which is not generally available to the 
market and is ‘price sensitive’. For example, where an individual is aware that the Company is 
about to sign a major agreement with another company, they should not buy securities in either 
the Company or the other company.  
Hedging Transactions  
5.12. 
Restricted Persons and their Connected Persons are prohibited from entering into an 
arrangement that would have the effect of limiting their exposure to risk relating to an element 
of their remuneration that either has not vested or has vested but remains subject to a holding 
lock, in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001. This Policy prohibits any person affected by 
this Policy from entering into a hedging transaction.  
Margin Lending and Other Secured Financial Arrangements  
5.13. 
Restricted Persons and other employees covered by this policy are required to disclose any 
margin lending or other secured financial arrangements to the Company, so that the Board and 
senior management are not caught unaware if there is a default.  
Exceptions for certain trading 
5.14. 
Restricted Persons are permitted to trade Company Securities in the following circumstances : 
(a) 
acquire ordinary shares in the Company by conversion of securities giving a right of 
conversion to ordinary shares; 
(b) 
acquire Company Securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of securities of the 
For personal use only

 
Unico Silver Limited (ACN 116 865 546) 
Security Trading Policy v3.0 
Page 8 of 13 
 
same class; 
(c) 
acquire Company Securities under a dividend reinvestment, or top-up plan that is 
available to all holders or securities of the same class; 
(d) 
acquire, or agree to acquire or exercise options under an employee incentive scheme (as 
that term is defined in the ASX Listing Rules); 
(e) 
withdraw ordinary shares in the Company held on behalf of the Key Management 
Personnel in an employee incentive scheme (as that term is defined in the ASX Listing 
Rules) where the withdrawal is permitted by the rules of that scheme; 
(f) 
acquire ordinary shares in the Company as a result of the exercise of options held under 
an employee option scheme; 
(g) 
transfer securities of the Company already held into a superannuation fund or other 
saving scheme in which the restricted person is a beneficiary; 
(h) 
make an investment in, or trade in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme 
only investing in the securities of the Company) where the assets of the fund or other 
scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
(i) 
where a restricted person is a trustee, trade in the securities of the Company by that 
trust, provided the restricted person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to 
trade during a prohibited period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment 
managers independently of the restricted person; 
(j) 
undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer; 
(k) 
trade under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, such as a 
rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and 
an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of 
the offer has been approved by the Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or 
not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the 
take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro-rata issue; 
(l) 
dispose of securities of the Company resulting from a secured lender exercising their 
rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement; 
(m) 
exercise (but not sell securities following exercise) an option or a right under an employee 
incentive scheme, or convert a convertible security, where the final date for the exercise 
of the option or right, or the conversion of the security, falls during a prohibited period 
and the restricted person could not reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a 
time when free to do so; or 
(n) 
trade under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior written clearance has been 
provided in accordance with procedures set out in this Policy.  
5.15. 
In respect of any share or option plans adopted by the Company, it should be noted that it is not 
permissible to provide the exercise price of options by selling the shares acquired on the exercise 
of these options unless the sale of those shares occurs outside the period specified in paragraph 
5.8.  
5.16. 
Were this to occur at a time when the person possessed inside information, then the sale of 
Company securities would be a breach of insider trading laws, even though the person’s decision 
to sell was not influenced by the inside information that the person possessed and the person 
may not have made a profit on the sale. Where Company securities are provided to a lender as 
security by way of mortgage or charge, a sale that occurs under that mortgage or charge as a 
consequence of default would not breach insider trading laws. 
 
For personal use only

 
Unico Silver Limited (ACN 116 865 546) 
Security Trading Policy v3.0 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Trading in Derivatives  
5.17. 
Trading by Restricted Persons in derivative products issued over or in respect of the Company’s 
securities raises the same issues and poses the same risks as trading by Restricted Persons in 
securities. This policy extends to cover trading in derivatives as well. 
6. 
Approval and Notification Requirements  
Approval requirements 
6.1. 
All Restricted Persons wishing to deal in Company Securities must obtain the prior written 
approval before doing so, as set out below. 
6.2. 
All Restricted Persons must notify the Company in advance, using the prescribed form as annexed 
to this Policy, of any proposed dealing in Company Securities.  The notification must be made to 
the person set out in 6.8 and confirm that they do not hold any Inside Information.  
6.3. 
Upon:  
(a) 
provision of notification; and 
(b) 
confirmation by the Company Secretary that there is no objection to the person trading,  
(c) 
the Restricted Person may undertake the proposed dealing. The confirmation may specify 
a period of time within which the trading is to occur.  
Approvals to buy or sell securities 
6.4. Restricted Persons are only permitted to deal in Company Securities if they have given notice 
and obtained approval as set out below.  
Person 
Approver 
Chair of the Board 
Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee or in 
their absence the MD 
(cc the Company Secretary) 
Non-Executive Directors, Executive Directors, 
CEO, Chief Financial Officer, Company 
Secretary 
Chair of the Board or in their absence the 
Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee 
(cc the Company Secretary) 
All other Restricted Persons  
MD or in their absence the Chief Financial 
Officer 
(cc the Company Secretary) 
If approval to deal in the Company Securities is granted, the dealing must be conducted within 
five (5) business days from the date of approval (or such other period of time as specified by the 
Approver). If the Restricted Person does not deal in securities within this time period, the 
approval will lapse. 
6.5. The following statements apply to approval to trade in Company Securities: 
(a) 
Approval can be given or refused by the Company at its discretion, without giving any 
reasons; 
(b) 
An approval to trade can be withdrawn if new information comes to light or there is a 
For personal use only

 
Unico Silver Limited (ACN 116 865 546) 
Security Trading Policy v3.0 
Page 10 of 13 
 
change in circumstances; 
(c) 
the Company’s decision to reject the trade is final and binding on the person seeking the 
approval; and 
(d) 
if approval to trade is refused, the person seeking the clearance must keep that information 
confidential and not disclose it to anyone.  
Notification 
6.6. 
Subsequent to approval obtained in accordance with 6.4, any Restricted Persons who (or through 
his or her associates) buys, sells, or exercise rights in relation to Company Cecurities must notify 
the Company Secretary in writing of the details of the transaction within two (2) business days 
of the transaction occurring.  
6.7. 
This notification obligation operates at all times and includes applications for acquisitions of 
shares or options by employees made under employee share or option schemes and also applies 
to the acquisition of shares as a result of the exercise of options under an employee option 
scheme. 
6.8. 
Directors who deal in the Company Securities must provide the Company Secretary with their 
trading confirmation within two (2) business days of dealing in those securities. The Company 
must notify the ASX on behalf of a Director of any purchase or sale of securities within five (5) 
business days. The Company Secretary will use the information provided by the Director in 
accordance with this clause for this purpose. 
Restricted Persons sales of securities  
6.9. 
Restricted Persons need to be mindful of the market perception associated with any sale of 
Company securities and possibly the ability of the market to absorb the volume of shares being 
sold. With this in mind, the management of the sale of any significant volume of Company 
Securities (i.e. a volume that would represent a volume in excess of 10% of the total securities 
held by the seller prior to the sale, or a volume to be sold that would be in excess of 10% of the 
average daily traded volume of the shares of the Company on the ASX for the preceding 20 
trading days) by a Restricted Persons needs to be discussed with the Board and the Company’s 
legal advisers prior to the execution of any sale. These discussions need to be documented in the 
form of a file note, to be retained by the Company Secretary.  
Exemption from Closed Periods restrictions due to exceptional circumstance  
6.10. 
Restricted Persons who are not in possession of inside information in relation to the Company, 
may be given prior written clearance by the Approver defined in 6.7 to sell or otherwise dispose 
of Company securities in a Closed Period where the person is in severe financial hardship or 
where there are exceptional circumstances as set out in this Policy. 
Severe financial hardship or exceptional circumstances  
6.11. 
The determination of whether a Restricted Persons is in severe financial hardship will be made 
by the Managing Director (or in the case of the Managing Director by the Chair). 
6.12. 
A financial hardship or exceptional circumstances determination can only be made by examining 
all of the facts and, if necessary, obtaining independent verification of the facts from banks, 
accountants or other like institutions.  
Financial hardship 
6.13. 
Restricted Persons may be in severe financial hardship if they have a pressing financial 
For personal use only

 
Unico Silver Limited (ACN 116 865 546) 
Security Trading Policy v3.0 
Page 11 of 13 
 
commitment that cannot be satisfied other than by selling the securities of the Company.  
6.14. 
In the interests of an expedient and informed determination by the Managing Director (or all 
other members of the Board as the context requires), any application for an exemption allowing 
the sale of Company securities in a Closed Period based on financial hardship must be made in 
writing stating all of the facts and be accompanied by copies of relevant supporting 
documentation, including contact details of the person’s accountant, bank and other such 
independent institutions (where applicable).  
6.15. 
Any exemption, if issued, will be in writing and shall contain a specified time period during which 
the sale of securities can be made.  
Exceptional circumstances  
6.16. 
Exceptional circumstances may apply to the disposal of Company securities by Restricted Persons 
if the person is required by a court order, a court enforceable undertaking for example in a bona 
fide family settlement, to transfer or sell securities of the Company, or there is some other 
overriding legal or regulatory requirement to do so.  
6.17. 
Any application for an exemption allowing the sale of Company securities in a Closed Period 
based on exceptional circumstances must be made in writing and be accompanied by the relevant 
court and/or supporting legal documentation (where applicable). 
6.18. 
Any exemption, if issued, will be in writing and shall contain a specified period during which the 
sale of securities can be made.  
Position of the Company on Clearances to Trade  
7. 
Breach of this Policy or Law 
7.1. 
Breaches of the insider trading laws have serious consequences for both the Relevant Person 
concerned and the Company. 
7.2. 
A person who contravenes or is involved in a contravention of the provisions of this Policy or the 
Law may also be liable to compensate any person who suffers loss or damage resulting from the 
conduct. In addition, an actual or suspected breach of the insider trading Laws may also give rise 
to adverse public scrutiny and media comment and reputation damage. 
7.3. 
It is important that Relevant Persons adhere to this Policy at all times. 
7.4. 
Any person who is suspected of breaching this Policy (including, but not limited to breaching the 
Law) may be suspended from employment pending the outcome of investigations into the 
alleged breach. 
7.5. 
Any person who breaches this Policy may face suspension or termination of employment or 
contract or other disciplinary action. 
7.6. 
Further consequences may include: 
(a) 
Reporting of breaches to the Company’s auditors and/or to ASIC or other relevant 
regulator/s; 
(b) 
loss of other entitlements, including loss of rights relating to Company incentive or share 
schemes; and 
(c) 
forfeiture of bonuses, including but not limited to performance bonuses or project 
related bonuses. 
7.7. 
Note that proof of breach by the Company or successful prosecution by a regulator is not required 
to discipline, suspend, or terminate an employee or contractor. It may be sufficient that, in the 
For personal use only

 
Unico Silver Limited (ACN 116 865 546) 
Security Trading Policy v3.0 
Page 12 of 13 
 
opinion of the Company, there has been behaviour constituting serious or wilful misconduct. The 
Company may form a view that there has been a breach of obligations of confidentiality, a breach 
of good faith and fidelity, and/or a conflict of interest. 
8. 
Further Assistance  
8.1. 
Employees should contact the Company Secretary if they are unsure about whether it is 
acceptable to deal or communicate with others in relation to the Company's Securities or other 
securities or if they have any other queries about this Policy.  
9. 
Review of this Policy 
9.1. 
This Policy will be reviewed by the Board every two years or as often as may be required, to 
ensure it remains effective and meets the best practice standard and the needs of the Company. 
9.2. 
Any changes to this Policy will be notified to affected persons in writing. Material changes in the 
Policy will be notified to the ASX in accordance with the Listing Rules. 
9.3. 
The Policy will be available on the Company’s website within a reasonable time after any such 
updates or amendments have been approved. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Unico Silver Limited (ACN 116 865 546) 
Security Trading Policy v3.0 
Page 13 of 13 
 
10. 
Securities Trading Request Notice 
 
Date:  
 
 
The Company Secretary 
 
BUYING/SELLING OF SHARES IN UNICO SILVER LIMITED (“USL”) 
 
This notice seeks approval for the named USL personnel/director below to trade in the securities of USL 
in accordance with the Company’s Securities Trading Policy, in the following manner: 
☐ buy Company Securities 
☐ sell Company Securities 
☐ transfer Company Securities vested under an equity incentive plan to me 
☐ transfer Company Securities to a related party (e.g. family company, trust or superannuation fund) 
☐ exercise options over Company Securities 
 
I confirm that: 
• I am not in possession of, or aware of, any information that may be considered “inside information”; 
• I am not involved in any short term or speculative trading in USL securities; 
• I am not hedging the risk of any fluctuation in value of any unvested entitlement in USL securities; 
and 
• I will not deal in the securities during any blackout period. 
 
I acknowledge that this approval to trade is valid for only XX (XX) days from the date indicated below, 
unless otherwise revoked earlier by notice in writing. 
 
I agree to notify the Company Secretary of the results of this action within 2 business days of the action 
 
________________________________________________ 
Estimated number shares to be purchased / sold  
 
__________________________________ 
Name of Employee/ Director 
 
___________________________________ 
Signature of Employee/ Director 
 
 
Approved: 
 
 
_____________________________ 
Name/ Position of Approver 
 
 
Date: __________________ 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only
