 
 
Red 5 Limited  
 
 
 
 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE POLICIES 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
INTRODUCTION 
The Company’s share trading policy regulates dealings by directors, officers and employees in 
securities issued by the Company.  Where appropriate, this policy also applies to contractors and 
consultants. 
 
The securities trading policy also establishes rules to minimise the risk that directors, officers and 
employees bear when in possession of unpublished price sensitive information and to give confidence 
to the market and investors that the Company respects the integrity of the market. 
 
This policy imposes basic trading restrictions on all directors and employees of the Company and its 
related entities who possess inside or unpublished price-sensitive information.   
 
Additional trading restrictions apply to:  
 
• 
all directors (and any of their associates); 
• 
key management personnel, as defined in Australian Accounting Standard AASB 124: Related 
Party Disclosure; and 
• 
any other employees, contractors or consultants of the Company considered appropriate by the 
Managing Director and Company Secretary from time to time. 
 
GENERAL RESTRICTIONS WHEN IN POSSESSION OF INSIDE INFORMATION 
 
Insider trading laws 
Insider trading laws cover all directors and employees of the Company. Broadly, if a person is in 
possession of any unpublished price-sensitive information about the Company, it is a criminal offence 
to: 
 
• 
trade in the Company’s securities; 
• 
advise or procure another person to trade in the Company’s securities; or 
• 
pass on inside information to someone else, knowing that the other person may use that 
information to trade in, or procure someone else to trade in, the Company’s securities. 
 
Unpublished price-sensitive information includes any information which relates to the Company or its 
securities and: 
 
• 
is not generally available; and 
• 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the 
price or value of the Company’s securities, or would be likely to influence a person in deciding 
whether to buy or sell the Company’s securities. 
 
It does not matter how or where the person obtains the information (i.e. the information does not have 
to be obtained from the Company to constitute inside information). 
 
For personal use only

Confidential information 
Employees and directors also have a duty of confidentiality to the Company.  A person must not reveal 
any confidential information concerning the Company, use that information in any way which may 
cause loss to the Company, or use that information to gain an advantage for themselves or anyone else. 
 
ADDITIONAL TRADING RESTRICTIONS FOR DIRECTORS, KEY MANAGEMENT 
PERSONNEL AND CERTAIN EMPLOYEES 
Additional restrictions on trading in the Company’s securities apply to directors of the Company, all 
key management personnel and any other employees of the Company considered appropriate by the 
Managing Director and Company Secretary from time to time (Restricted Persons). 
 
Closed periods 
Restricted Persons generally hold positions where it can be assumed that they will have inside 
information regarding the Company.  Accordingly, additional restrictions apply for any proposed 
trading in securities by Restricted Persons during nominated “closed periods”.   
 
Restricted Persons are prohibited from trading in the Company’s securities during the following closed 
periods: 
 
• 
in the two weeks prior to the release of the Company’s quarterly reports and for 1 business day 
after the release of the report; 
• 
in the four weeks prior to the release of the Company’s half year financial results and for 1 
business day after the release of the results; 
• 
in the four weeks prior to the release of the Company’s full year financial results and for 1 
business day after the release of the results. 
 
Trading with permission during closed period 
In exceptional circumstances clearance may be given for a Restricted Person to sell (but not to 
purchase) securities when they would otherwise be prohibited from doing so but not while there exists 
any matter which constitutes unpublished price-sensitive information in relation to the Company’s 
securities.  If a Restricted Person is in possession of inside information, then he or she must not deal in 
the Company’s securities at any time. 
 
Examples of circumstances where clearance may be given include severe financial hardship where the 
Restricted Person has a pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied other than by disposing 
of securities, or the disposal of securities under a court order or enforceable undertaking (such as a 
family court settlement). 
 
The determination on whether to give clearance for trading during a closed period under exceptional 
circumstances must be made by the Chairman or Managing Director, and at least one other non-
executive director.  Consideration will be given to whether the disposal of the relevant securities is the 
only reasonable course of action available to the Restricted Person. 
 
Permission for trading must be evidenced by prior written communication (letter, facsimile or e-mail).  
 
Requirements for trading by Restricted Persons 
Before trading, or giving instructions for trading in the Company’s securities, a Restricted Person must: 
 
• 
notify the Chairman (or in the case of the Chairman intending to trade, notify the chair of the 
Audit Committee) of their intention to trade; 
• 
confirm that they do not hold any unpublished price sensitive information; 
• 
have been advised by the Chairman that there is no reason to preclude them from trading in the 
Company’s securities as notified; and 
• 
have complied with any conditions on trading imposed by the Chairman (including, for example, 
any time limits applicable to the clearance). 
For personal use only

 
 
Associates 
Each Restricted Person has a personal responsibility to ensure that his or her “associated parties” 
(being immediate family (including a spouse (or equivalent) or dependent), family company or trust) 
complies with the same respective restrictions as apply to Restricted Persons of the Company. 
 
GENERAL 
 
Short term trading 
This trading policy encourages directors and employees to be long-term holders of the Company's 
securities and discourages short-term trading. 
 
In order to prevent the unfair use of information, Restricted Persons are generally prohibited from 
short-term trading at all times.  Short-term trading is a purchase and sale of the same securities within a 
period between one to six months.  
 
In addition, the Board has an absolute discretion to place an embargo on Restricted Persons and/or 
employees and/or their respective associated parties trading in Company securities at any time. 
 
Notification of trading 
As required by the Corporations Act and the ASX Listing Rules, directors must notify the Company 
Secretary of any dealings in the Company’s securities immediately and in any event within 5 business 
days of the date of any such dealings. 
 
Securities issued under equity-based remuneration scheme 
Directors, officers and employees of the Company are prohibited from entering into arrangements for 
the hedging, or otherwise limiting their exposure to risk in relation to unvested shares, options or rights 
issued or acquired under the Company’s employee equity scheme. 
 
Where a director or senior executive enters into arrangements for the hedging of vested options granted 
under the Company’s employee equity scheme, details of the hedging arrangements must be 
immediately notified to the Chairman or Company Secretary. 
 
Trading circumstances excluded from share trading policy 
The following forms of trading activity are excluded from the operation of the share trading policy but 
remain subject to the insider trading provisions of the Corporations Act: 
 
• 
transfers of securities which result in no change in the beneficial ownership of the securities; 
• 
transfers of securities already held in a person’s own name into a superannuation fund to which 
that person is a beneficiary; 
• 
investments in or trading by a fund or other scheme where the assets of the fund or other scheme 
are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
• 
the conversion of convertible securities where the expiry date of the securities occurs during a 
closed period; 
• 
the acquisition (but not disposal) of shares or options offered under an employee share or option 
scheme; 
• 
the acquisition of securities arises under an offer made to all or most security holders, including a 
security purchase plan, pro-rata rights issue, bonus issue, dividend re-investment plan and equal 
access buy-back; 
• 
acceptance of or agreement to accept a takeover offer, scheme of arrangement or equal access 
buy-back; 
• 
a disposal of securities that is a result of a secured lender exercising its rights, for example, under 
a margin loan arrangement. 
 
BREACHES OF POLICY 
Strict compliance with this policy is a condition of employment. 
For personal use only
