 
Vitrafy Life Sciences Limited | Level 4, 96-100 Albert Road, South Melbourne VIC 3205 | ABN  48 622 720 254 
T +61 3 4331 9974 | W  www.vitrafy.com | E  investors@vitrafy.com 
 
 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
12 December 2024 
 
Revised Securities Trading Policy 
 
Vitrafy Life Sciences Limited (ASX: VFY), (Vitrafy or Company) advises in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 
12.10 that its Securities Trading Policy (Policy) has been revised. 
 
A copy of the revised Policy is attached and is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://vitrafy.com/investors.  
 
 
### ENDS ### 
 
This announcement is authorised by the Board of Vitrafy Life Sciences Limited. 
 
For further information contact: 
Investor and Media Relations 
Simon Martin 
Chief Financial Officer 
investors@vitrafy.com 
 
About Vitrify  
Vitrafy has developed a proprietary range of smart cryopreservation hardware and Lifechain™, a cloud-based software platform, 
to offer a complete cryopreservation solution. This integrated system ensures the preservation of biomaterial quality, empowering 
industries to retain the integrity of sensitive biological samples throughout the storage process. Vitrafy’s innovative approach 
combines cutting-edge technology and seamless software integration to optimise cryopreservation, ensuring reliability and 
efficiency in maintaining valuable biological assets. Vitrafy is headquartered in Melbourne, Australia and is listed on the Australian 
Securities Exchange (ASX: VFY). 
 
For more information visit vitrafy.com.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
Vitrafy Life Sciences Ltd © 
ACN: 622 720 254 
For personal use only

 
Page 2 of 12 
Document History 
Version 
Summary of Amendments 
Approved By 
Approval Date 
1.0 
New Securities Trading Policy  
Board 
23 September 2021 
2.0 
Periodic Review 
Board 
12 December 2024 
 
Legislative and Regulatory Framework 
Authority 
Law, Resolution or Regulation 
ASX Corporate Governance Council 
ASX Corporate Governance Principles and Recommendation (2019) 
(“ASX Principles”) 
Australian Government 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (“Corporations Act”) 
 
Other Policy Details 
Key Information 
Details 
Approval Body 
Board of Directors 
Key Stakeholders 
Board of Directors 
Executive Leadership Team 
Responsibility for Implementation 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
Policy Custodian 
Company Secretary 
Next Review Date 
December 2026 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 3 of 12 
Securities Trading Policy 
1. 
Introduction 
1.1. 
This Securities Trading Policy (Policy) sets out the policy of Vitrafy Life Sciences Ltd (Company) 
on dealings by directors of the Company (Directors) and employees in:  
(a) 
securities of the Company (Company Securities); and 
(b) 
securities of other entities. 
1.2. 
If you do not understand any part of this Policy, the summary of the law or how it applies to 
you, you should raise the matter with your manager or the Company Secretary before dealing 
with any securities covered by this Policy. 
2. 
Person to whom this Policy applies 
2.1. 
This Policy applies to: 
(a) 
all directors and officers of the Company (including the Managing Director and Chief 
Executive Officer (CEO)); 
(b) 
all direct reports of the CEO; 
(c) 
all other employees of the Company (including consultants and contractors); and 
(collectively referred to as “Relevant Person”) 
(d) 
‘Connected Persons’ of all persons prescribed under 2.1 (a) to (c). 
2.2. 
A Connected Person means a spouse or partner, child or step-child under 18 years, an unlisted 
body corporate or any other entity which the Relevant Person controls, a trust of which the 
Relevant Person is a trustee and of which he or she or any of the persons referred to above is 
a beneficiary or any other person over whom the Relevant Person has significant influence or 
control. 
2.3. 
Relevant Persons must take reasonable steps to ensure that their Connected Persons only deal 
in Company Securities in circumstances where the Relevant Person to whom they are 
connected would be permitted to deal under this Policy. For example, by obtaining clearance 
in accordance with this Policy in respect of the Connected Person’s dealings.  
3. 
Meaning of “Securities” 
3.1. 
For the purposed of this Policy, "Securities" means shares, debentures, options to subscribe 
for new shares and options over existing shares, warrant contracts and other derivatives 
relating to the shares.  
4. 
Dealings by Relevant Person in Securities of the Company 
4.1. 
The Company encourages its directors and employees to hold securities in the Company. 
However, when a director or employee trades in securities of the Company it is important to 
ensure that these transactions do not reflect badly on either the director, employee, or the 
Company. This Policy is designed to ensure that Relevant Persons do not deal in securities of 
the Company at inappropriate times or in inappropriate circumstances. 
For personal use only

 
Page 4 of 12 
Prohibition 
4.2. 
If you have any Inside Information (see definition in section 4.4) about the Company (or 
another relevant entity, such as a company with which the Company is considering a 
transaction) which is not publicly known, it is a criminal offence for you to: 
(a) 
trade in Company Securities (or securities of the other relevant entity); 
(b) 
advise or procure another person to trade in Company Securities (or securities of the 
other relevant entity); or 
(c) 
pass on Inside Information to someone else (including colleagues, family, or friends) 
knowing (or where you should have reasonably known) that the other person will, or 
is likely to, use that information to trade in, or procure someone else to trade in, 
Company Securities (or securities of the other relevant entity).  
Consequences of insider trading 
4.3. 
This offence, called “insider trading”, can subject you to: 
(a) 
criminal liability including large fines and/or imprisonment (or both); 
(b) 
a civil penalty (fine) of up to hundreds of thousands of dollars; and 
(c) 
civil liability, which may include being sued for any loss suffered as a result of illegal 
trading. 
Inside information 
4.4. 
“Inside information” is information that: 
(a) 
price sensitive; 
(b) 
Is not generally available; and 
(c) 
If it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect that it would (or would 
be likely to) influence investors in deciding whether to buy or sell particular securities.  
4.5. 
The financial impact of the information is important, but strategic and other implications can 
be equally important in determining whether information is Inside Information.  The definition 
of information is broad enough to include rumours, matters of supposition, intentions of a 
person (including the Company) and information which is insufficiently definite to warrant 
disclosure to the public.  
4.6. 
Importantly, you need not be an "Insider" to come across Inside Information. That is, it does 
not matter how you come to know the Inside Information (for example, you could learn it in 
the course of carrying out your responsibilities or in passing in the corridor or in a lift or at a 
dinner party). 
4.7. 
It is readily apparent that Relevant Persons, while carrying out their duties, often possess 
information which would be regarded as inside information under the Corporations Act. The 
following is a non-exhaustive list of examples of information which could be regarded as inside 
information: 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 5 of 12 
(a) 
pending ASX announcements; 
(b) 
significant changes in operations, strategy or proposed changes or nature of the 
business of the Company; 
(c) 
proposed strategic business acquisition; 
(d) 
a proposed takeover not yet announced to the market;  
(e) 
financial records not yet released to the market.; 
(f) 
the financial performance of the Company against budget;  
(g) 
a possible acquisition or sale of any assets by the Company; 
(h) 
a possible change in the Company’s capital structure; 
(i) 
a proposed dividend; 
(j) 
senior management changes; 
(k) 
development of a new business line or product offering; or 
(l) 
any possible claim against the Company or other unexpected liability. 
4.8. 
Insider trading is prohibited at all times. 
4.9. 
Where Relevant Persons possess inside information, they must not engage in dealings with the 
securities of the Company and cannot, either directly or indirectly, communicate the inside 
information to other persons. Relevant Persons can be liable for insider trading if they 
recommend the Company’s securities to other persons while they are in possession of price 
sensitive information which is undisclosed to the public.  
4.10. 
Relevant Persons should be aware that they can be liable for insider trading by communicating 
inside information to other persons, for example their spouse, family, or friends. This liability 
arises notwithstanding the fact that the Relevant Person has not dealt with the securities of 
the Company. Spouses, family, or friends who become aware of inside information and 
subsequently act on it before the information becomes public can also be held liable for insider 
trading. 
Price sensitive information 
4.11. 
In relation to price sensitive information, all Relevant Persons will be conscious of the fact that 
as the Company is a listed company, it has an obligation under Chapter 3 of the ASX Listing 
Rules to make continuous disclosure. Briefly stated, that is an obligation to advise the market 
as soon as events and developments occur which result in the information that a reasonable 
person would expect to have a material effect on the price or value of the Company’s 
securities. 
4.12. 
The obligation is not absolute and there are several exceptions to when price sensitive 
information need not be disclosed. Accordingly, there will be occasions where price sensitive 
information is in the possession of some or all the directors and not yet released to the market, 
nor required to be released. 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 6 of 12 
4.13. 
The following is a non-exhaustive list of examples of information which would likely be 
considered to have a material effect on the price of the Company’s securities: 
(a) 
sales figures 
(b) 
profit forecasts; 
(c) 
liquidity and cash flow;  
(d) 
significant borrowings; and 
(e) 
significant changes in industry. 
4.14. 
It is therefore essential that all Relevant Persons avoid direct or indirect communication of 
price sensitive information before it enters the public domain. It is equally essential that 
Relevant Persons refrain from trading in securities of the Company whilst they possess such 
information. 
Information is considered generally available if: 
(a) 
It can easily be observed; 
(b) 
It has been released to the ASX, published in the Company’s Annual Report or is 
generally available to the investing public and a reasonable time has elapsed since the 
information was communicated; and 
(c) 
It may be deduced, inferred or concluded form the above. 
4.15. 
Information would be likely to have a material effect on the price of value of the securities if 
the information might influence persons who commonly acquire the securities in deciding 
whether to acquire or dispose of the securities. 
As a guiding principle, Relevant Persons should ask themselves: 
“If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could the proposed dealing be 
perceived by the market as the Relevant Person taking advantage of their position in an 
inappropriate way? How would it look if the transaction were reporting on the front page of 
the newspaper?  
If you are unsure, please consult the Company Secretary. 
5. 
Confidential Information 
5.1. 
Relevant Persons also have a duty of confidentiality to the Company. 
5.2. 
You must not reveal any Confidential Information concerning the Company, use that 
information in any way which may injure or cause loss to the Company, or use that confidential 
information to gain an advantage for yourself. 
6. 
Trading Restrictions 
General 
6.1. 
This Policy, and the laws and regulations to which it refers, apply equally to both the buying 
and the selling of Securities. 
For personal use only

 
Page 7 of 12 
6.2. 
Wherever the words “trading” or “dealing” are used, you should take that to mean both 
buying and selling and note that it makes no difference how many Securities are bought or 
sold, nor whether you make a profit or a loss on that transaction. 
6.3. 
You cannot undo or cancel a restricted or illegal trade, so you must consider your position 
before you act. 
Restrictions on Dealing 
6.4. 
Relevant Persons must not deal in Company Securities: 
(a) 
without prior approval (refer section 7); or 
(b) 
during any of the following Blackout Periods: 
(i) 
From 1 January each year until close of business on the day following 
announcement of the Company’s half year financial results; 
(ii) 
From 1 April each year until close of business on the day following 
announcement of the Company’s quarterly cash flow statement for the 
quarter ending 31 March of that year;   
(iii) 
From 1 July each year until close of business on the day following 
announcement of the Company’s full year financial results;  
(iv) 
From 1 October each year until close of business on the day following 
announcement of the Company’s quarterly cash flow statement for the 
quarter ending 30 September of that year; and 
(v) 
any other period that the Board specifies from time to time.  
6.5. 
The Company Secretary will notify all Relevant Persons of the opening and closing of Blackout 
Period windows, and any other period determined by the Board to be a Blackout Period. 
No speculative short-term trading 
6.6. 
Relevant Persons should not trade in Company Securities on a short-term basis or for 
speculative trading gain. The Company considers "short-term" to be a period of 6 months or 
less. 
Exceptions for certain trading 
6.7. 
As an exception to the restrictions in the rule set out in section 6.11, Relevant Persons are 
permitted to trade Company Securities in the following circumstances:  
(a) 
transfer of Company Securities already held into a superannuation fund or other 
saving scheme in which the Relevant Person is a beneficiary;  
(b) 
a disposal of Company Securities arising from the acceptance of a takeover offer, 
scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back;  
(c) 
a disposal of rights acquired under a pro rata issue; 
(d) 
an acquisition of Company Securities under a security purchase plan or dividend 
purchase plan where the Relevant Person did not commence or amend their 
For personal use only

 
Page 8 of 12 
participation in the plan during a blackout period; and 
(e) 
an acquisition of Company Securities under an equity incentive scheme (however, the 
additional restrictions in this Policy apply to any subsequent trade of any Company 
Securities issue to (or for the benefit of) a Relevant Person under an equity incentive 
scheme. 
6.8. 
Relevant Persons are reminded that they must still comply with the insider trading rules even 
where they would otherwise be permitted to trade in Company Securities or after separating 
from the Company (i.e resignation). 
Exceptional circumstances 
6.9. 
If a Relevant Person needs to deal in Company Securities due to exceptional circumstances but 
such dealing would breach this Policy, the Relevant Person must apply to the person specified 
in section 7 for a waiver. 
6.10. 
Exceptional circumstances include severe financial hardship, compulsion by a court order or 
any other circumstances that are deemed exceptional.  
6.11. 
The Relevant Person seeking a waiver under this section must apply in writing to the person 
specified in section 7, setting out the circumstances of the proposed dealing (including an 
explanation as to the severe financial hardship or circumstances that are otherwise 
exceptional) and the reason the waiver is requested.  A wavier will only be granted if the 
Relevant Person's application is accompanied by sufficient evidence that the dealing of the 
relevant securities is the most reasonable course of action available in the circumstances and 
confirmation that the person does not possess Inside Information.  
6.12. 
A decision to grant a waiver may be given or refused, without giving reasons. Once given, a 
waiver can also be withdrawn if new circumstances come to light. 
6.13. 
If a waiver is granted, the Relevant Person will be notified in writing (which may include 
notification via email) and in each circumstance the duration of the waiver to deal in securities 
will be five business days.  
6.14. 
If a waiver is refused, the Relevant person must keep that confidential.  
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this section must comply 
with the other sections of this Policy (to the extent practicable).  
Hedging 
6.15. 
A Restricted Person must not at any time enter a transaction that operates or is intended to 
operate to limit the economic risk of holdings of unvested securities of the Company or vested 
securities of the Company which are subject to holding locks.  
Short Term Trading 
6.16. 
A Relevant person should never engage in short term or speculative trading in the Company’s 
securities. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 9 of 12 
Margin Loans 
6.17. 
A Restricted Person is prohibited from including securities in the Company in a margin lending 
arrangement. 
7. 
Consent and Waiver 
7.1. 
Before engaging in transactions involving the Company Securities (outside the Blackout 
Periods) or in circumstances where consent is required to be obtained, the Relevant Persons 
must advise the “Approver” (refer section 7.2) in writing through a Trading Request Form 
(Annexure 1) of their intention to deal in the Company’s securities and confirming that they 
are not in possession of any Inside Information. 
7.2. 
Relevant Persons are only permitted to deal in Company Securities if they have given notice 
and obtained approval as set out below.  
Person 
Approver 
Chair of the Board 
Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee or in 
their absence the CEO 
(cc the Company Secretary) 
Non-Executive Directors, Executive Directors, 
CEO, Chief Financial Officer, Company 
Secretary 
Chair of the Board or in their absence the 
Chair of the Audit & Risk Committee 
(cc the Company Secretary) 
All other Relevant Persons  
CEO or in their absence the Chief Financial 
Officer 
(cc the Company Secretary) 
7.3. 
Upon: 
(a) 
Provision of notification; and 
(b) 
Confirmation by the Approver that there is no objection to the person trading, 
The Relevant Person may undertake the proposed dealing. 
7.4. 
If approval to deal in the Company’s securities is granted, the dealing must be conducted 
within five business days from the date of approval (or such other period of time as specified 
by the Approver). If the Relevant Person does not deal in securities within this time period, the 
approval will lapse. 
7.5. 
Once a Relevant person has completed a trade in Company Securities, the Company Secretary 
must be advised of the trade within two business days of dealing in those securities.  In the 
case of directors who deal in the Company’s securities they must provide the Company 
Secretary with their trading confirmation within two business days of dealing in those 
securities. The Company must notify the ASX on behalf of a director of any purchase or sale of 
securities within five business days. The Company Secretary will use the information provided 
by the director in accordance with this section for this purpose. 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 10 of 12 
7.6. 
Directors should also be aware of the substantial holder provisions contained in section 671B 
of the Corporations Act which require certain notices to be served on the Company and the 
ASX when a person and their associates have a relevant interest in at least 5% of the issued 
voting shares in the Company and any change of more than 1% to those relevant interests 
occurs. 
8. 
Trading Not Subject to the Policy 
8.1. 
Unless determined otherwise by the Company’s Board, this Policy does not apply to any of the 
following: 
(a) 
trading in Company securities where trading does not result in a change of beneficial 
interest; 
(b) 
transfers of securities of the Company already held into a superannuation fund or 
other saving scheme in which the Relevant Person is a beneficiary; 
(c) 
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme 
only investing in the securities of the Company) where the assets of the fund or other 
scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
(d) 
where a Relevant Person is a trustee, trading in the securities of the Company by that 
trust provided the Relevant Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to 
trade during a prohibited period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment 
managers independently of the Relevant Person; 
(e) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
(f) 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, such 
as, a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan 
and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure 
of the offer has been approved by the Board. This includes decisions relating to 
whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to 
provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro-rata 
issue; 
(g) 
a disposal of securities of the Company on a case-by-case basis, that is the result of a 
secured lender exercising their rights, for example, under a margin lending 
arrangement. On a case-by-case basis the Board will assess the rules that are 
applicable to Relevant Persons with respect to entering into agreements that provide 
lenders with rights over their interests in the Company’s securities; and 
(h) 
the exercise (but not the sale of securities following exercise) of an option or a right 
under an equity incentive scheme, or the conversion of a convertible security, where 
the final date for the exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of the security, 
falls during a Blackout Period or the Company has had a number of consecutive 
Blackout Periods and the Relevant Person could not reasonably have been expected 
to exercise it at a time when free to do so. 
9. 
Breach of this Policy 
9.1. 
Breaches of the insider trading laws have serious consequences for both the Relevant Person 
concerned and the Company. 
For personal use only

 
Page 11 of 12 
9.2. 
A person who contravenes or is involved in a contravention of the provisions of this Policy or 
the Law may also be liable to compensate any person who suffers loss or damage resulting 
from the conduct. In addition, an actual or suspected breach of the insider trading Laws may 
also give rise to adverse public scrutiny and media comment and reputation damage. 
9.3. 
Any person who breach this Policy may face in disciplinary action, including termination of 
employment or engagement. 
9.4. 
A breach of this Policy may also be a contravention of insider trading or other laws, which may 
result in financial penalties and/or imprisonment. It should also be noted that, in some 
circumstances, the Company may be obliged to notify regulatory and/or criminal authorities 
of a serious breach of this Policy. 
9.5. 
Any person who becomes aware of a potential violation of this Policy should immediately 
report it to the Company Secretary or via the other channels available as outlined in the 
Company’s Code of Conduct. 
9.6. 
Note that proof of breach by the Company or successful prosecution by a regulator is not 
required to discipline, suspend, or terminate an employee or contractor. It may be sufficient 
that, in the opinion of the Company, there has been behaviour constituting serious or wilful 
misconduct. The Company may form a view that there has been a breach of obligations of 
confidentiality, a breach of good faith and fidelity, and/or a conflict of interest. 
10. 
Further Information 
10.1. 
Employees should contact the Company Secretary, if they are unsure about whether it is 
acceptable to deal or communicate with others in relation to the Company's Securities or other 
securities or if they have any other queries about this Policy. 
11. 
Review 
11.1. 
The Board will review this Policy at least once every two years (or earlier if required) to 
determine its adequacy for current circumstances. 
11.2. 
The Policy may be amended from time to time by resolution of the Board. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
Page 12 of 12 
Annexure 1: Trading Request Form (Illustrative Only) 
From:  _______________________________ (insert name) 
Title: _________________________________(insert title e.g. Director, Employee, Contractor, Consultant) 
 
To: 
Vitrafy Life Sciences Ltd  
TRADING OF COMPANY SECURITIES 
In accordance with the Vitrafy Life Sciences Ltd (‘Company') Securities Trading Policy, I give notice to you that I 
am proposing to deal with securities in the Company (‘Company Securities’) in the following manner (tick one): 
 
buy Company Securities 
 
sell Company Securities 
 
transfer Company Securities vested under an equity incentive plan to me 
 
transfer Company Securities to a related party (eg family company, trust or superannuation fund) 
 
exercise options over Company Securities 
 
utilise derivatives and enter a hedging transaction 
The number of securities that I propose to deal with is up to _______________ (number).  
The transaction will be carried out on-market / off-market (delete one). 
The transaction is proposed to be carried out between ____________ (date) and _____________ (date). 
I confirm that I have no inside information and will comply with the Company's Securities Trading Policy in 
relation to my dealing. 
I agree to notify the Company Secretary of the results of this action within 2 business days of the action. 
Please confirm that I am cleared to deal in Company Securities in the manner set out above. 
 
Signed:  ……………………………….…………….. (by individual requesting clearance) 
Date signed:  ______________________ 
_______________________________________________________________________________ 
I confirm that subject to you not gaining any Inside Information, you are authorised to deal in Company Securities 
for: 
 
5 business days from the date of approval (default period) 
 
_____ business days from the date of approval  
 
…………………………………… 
 
 
  
[Name] – Approver 
 
 
 
Date approved:  _______________ 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only
