securities Trading Policy 
  
Mr 
SUS 
kelile 
group
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
1 
 
Version 1 | May 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
2 
 
Version 1 | May 2025 
1. Purpose  
Team Members are encouraged to be long-term holders of Securities in the Company.  Virgin Australia is 
committed to ensuring that the Company and its employees act lawfully at all times in their Dealings with Securities 
and Insider Information. 
This policy explains when and how Team Members can trade in the Company's Securities and the steps Virgin 
Australia takes to prevent insider trading. 
Capitalised terms have specific meanings and are explained in section 10 of this policy. 
2. Who does this policy apply to 
This policy applies to all Team Members with special rules for Designated Persons and their Connected Members. 
The CEO and Company Secretary may from time-to-time designate employees as Designated Persons with notice 
in writing to them. 
3. Our values 
This policy is underpinned by Virgin Australia’s values, which guide our behaviour and apply to every aspect of 
Virgin Australia’s business: 
• 
We put safety first – we put the health and safety of our people, customers and communities above all else. 
• 
We have a big heart – our customers live at the centre of everything we do. 
• 
We do the right thing – everything we do for our people, our customers and our communities is done with 
absolute integrity, always. 
• 
We own it – we’re different and that’s not going to change. We all, in our own way, embody Virgin’s flair and 
laid-back, authentic spirit.  
4. What you need to know  
4.1 Essentials 
• 
We never Deal in the Company’s Securities using Inside Information. 
• 
We only Deal in the Company’s Securities during designated Trading Windows. 
• 
Our Designated Persons and their Connected Members need pre-approval before trading. 
• 
We think about how our Dealings might look to others, even if technically allowed. 
• 
When in doubt, we ask the Corporate Governance team! 
The policy exists to protect Team Members and Virgin Australia’s reputation while ensuring it meets its legal 
obligations. 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
3 
 
Version 1 | May 2025 
4.2 Trading Requirements by Role 
If you are a: 
You need to know that: 
Team Member 
You can only trade during Trading Windows. 
You must never trade when you have Inside Information. 
You cannot engage in short-term trading. 
Designated Person or Connected Member 
All of the above Team Member guidance applies, plus: 
You must get written approval before any trade. 
You need to ensure your Connected Members follow these rules 
too. 
Section 6.2 sets out additional restrictions for Designated 
Persons and their Connected Members. 
Board member 
All of the Designated Persons guidance applies, plus: 
You must notify the Company as soon as possible after trading 
so that the Company may notify the ASX within five business 
days of any Dealing. 
The Company will notify the ASX of any Dealing by a Board 
member. 
5. Understanding insider trading 
5.1 What is insider trading 
Insider trading is the practice of Dealing in any company's securities by anybody in possession of Inside Information. 
Inside Information is information that is not generally available, but if it were generally available would, or would be 
likely to, influence another person's decision to Deal in the Company's Securities. It may also include the passing on 
of this information to another or procuring another person to Deal in the Securities. 
Information is generally available where the information is: 
• 
Readily observable; or 
• 
Made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, bring it to the attention of people who commonly 
invest in the Company's Securities or securities of a kind similar to the Company's Securities, and a reasonable 
period has elapsed to allow the information to be disseminated; or 
• 
Able to be deduced, concluded or inferred from those types of information. 
The Corporations Act prohibits three types of conduct relating to Inside Information: 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
4 
 
Version 1 | May 2025 
• 
The direct or indirect acquisition or disposal of Securities using Inside Information; 
• 
The procurement of another person to acquire or dispose of Securities using Inside Information; and 
• 
Communication of Inside Information to another person, for the purpose of the other person acquiring or 
disposing of Securities. 
It does not matter how or where you obtain Inside Information and it does not have to be obtained from Virgin 
Australia or be directly about Virgin Australia to constitute Inside Information. 
Legally, insider trading is an offence that carries severe consequences for individuals, including significant 
financial penalties from the corporate regulator, possible imprisonment and disciplinary action being taken 
such as termination of employment. 
5.2 How to know if you have Inside Information 
Ask yourself these questions before trading: 
1. Do I know something that isn't generally available to the public? AND 
2. If this information was generally available, could it affect the Company's share price? AND 
3. Would a reasonable person expect this information to affect the Company's share price? 
If you answered YES to ALL of these questions, you have Inside Information and CANNOT trade. 
6. Trading Windows and approval process 
6.1 When can you trade? 
Team Members can only trade in the four weeks after: 
• 
Announcement of the half year and full year financial results; and  
• 
The Company's AGM. 
If the Board uses its discretion to permit additional Trading Windows, written notice will be given to all Team 
Members. 
It must always be remembered that even when a Trading Window is operating, if you are in possession of Inside 
Information, you CANNOT trade. 
6.2 Who needs approval before trading? 
If you are a Designated Person, you'll need written approval from your Authorising Officer before you Deal in the 
Company's Securities via the Company Secretary, as outlined below: 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
5 
 
Version 1 | May 2025 
Designated Person seeking authorisation 
Authorising Officer 
Chair of the Board 
The Chair of the Audit, Risk, Sustainability and Compliance 
Committee (ARSCC) 
CEO 
The Chair of the Board or, in his/her absence, the Chair of 
the ARSCC 
Other Directors, ELT and the Company Secretary 
The Chair of the Board or, in his/her absence, the Chair of 
the ARSCC 
Any other Designated Person 
Company Secretary 
Any Team Member who is not a Designated Person 
that wants to trade when a Trading Window is not 
operating 
Company Secretary 
Designated Persons must not Deal in the Company's Securities until written approval has been given by the 
relevant Authorising Officer. This obligation operates at all times (whether the Trading Window is open or not).  
If permission is granted, the transaction must be initiated within five trading days and completed without delay. The 
Company Secretary must be notified the day after the Dealing has settled or a decision is made that the 
Designated Person will not Deal. 
The Company Secretary must maintain a copy of: 
• 
all requests for an approval to Deal in Company Securities submitted by a Designated Person; and 
• 
details of all Dealings in Company Securities made by a Designated Person. 
7. Exceptions and permissible Dealings 
7.1 Financial difficulty and other exceptional circumstances 
If a Team Member wishes to sell or otherwise dispose of the Company's Securities when a Trading Window is not 
operating, that person must obtain the prior written consent of the relevant Authorising Officer. 
The Team Member must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Authorising Officer that they are in severe financial 
hardship or that their circumstances are otherwise exceptional and that the proposed sale or disposal of the 
Securities is the only reasonable course of action available. 
Examples of exceptional circumstances justifying consent may include Dealing if required by a court order, or there 
are court enforceable undertakings in a bona fide family settlement, to transfer or sell the Securities or there is 
some other overriding legal or regulatory requirement to do so. A tax liability would not normally constitute severe 
financial hardship, unless the person has no other means of satisfying the liability. A tax liability relating to 
Securities received under an employee incentive scheme would also not normally constitute severe financial 
hardship. 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
6 
 
Version 1 | May 2025 
What constitutes ‘exceptional circumstances’ will be determined on a case-by-case basis at the Authorising 
Officer’s absolute discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Team Member is in possession of Inside Information, 
an Authorising Officer will not grant consent. 
7.2 Employee share schemes 
Under the Corporations Act, the insider trading prohibition does not apply to Team Members acquiring the 
Company's Securities under any Board approved employee share or option plans. 
However, the prohibition will apply to any subsequent disposal of shares acquired under such plans.  
7.3 Acceptable Dealings 
Subject to the insider trading laws, Team Members that are not Designated Persons may engage in the Dealings 
listed below, without seeking authorisation.  If you are a Designated Person, you do not need to seek authorisation 
but you must let your Authorising Officer and the Company Secretary know. 
• 
Where the trade would result in no change in beneficial interest in the Company's Securities. 
• 
An investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only investing in the 
Company's Securities) where assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party. 
• 
Where a Team Member is a trustee, trading in the Company's Securities by that trust provided that:  
o 
The Team Member is not a beneficiary of the trust; and 
o 
Any decision to trade outside a Trading Window is taken by the other trustees or by the investment 
managers independently of the Team Member. 
• 
Undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer. 
• 
Trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the Company's Security holders, such as a rights 
issue or a share buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer has been 
approved by the Board. 
• 
The exercise (but not the sale of Company Securities following exercise) of an option or right under an 
employee incentive scheme of Virgin Australia, or the conversion of a convertible security, where the final date 
for the exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of the security, falls outside a Trading Window. 
8. Prohibited trading practices 
8.1 No short-term trading in the Company’s Securities 
Team Members cannot engage in short-term trading of the Company's Securities. This means that Team Members 
must not Deal in the same Company Securities within any six-month period. 
Limited exceptions to this prohibition apply to financial hardship situations and employee incentive schemes. The 
prohibition does not restrict the vesting or exercise of options over, or rights to, the Company's shares under an 
employee incentive scheme. 
Designated Persons should also take all reasonable steps to prevent their Connected Members from engaging in 
short-term or speculative Dealings. 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
7 
 
Version 1 | May 2025 
8.2 No protection arrangements or margin lending 
The following arrangements are prohibited: 
• 
"Short selling" of Company Securities beyond a person's holding of Company Securities. 
• 
Entering into transactions which limit the economic risk of any Company Securities holdings (e.g. hedging 
arrangements). 
• 
Arrangements that enable a person to profit from a decrease in the market price of Company Securities. 
• 
Granting any form of security over any Company Securities. 
• 
Entering into margin lending arrangements involving Company Securities (for Designated Persons) without 
prior approval. 
8.3 Designated Person’s responsibility for Connected Members 
Designated Persons must take steps to ensure that their Connected Members understand and will act in 
accordance with the terms of this policy in relation to the Company's Securities. 
This means that each Designated Person must: 
• 
Request their Connected Members to observe the notification and approval procedure. 
• 
Take reasonable steps to ensure that their Connected Members do not engage in short-term Dealings. 
• 
Take reasonable steps to ensure that their Connected Members do not enter into hedging arrangements. 
Take reasonable steps to ensure that their Connected Members do not Deal in the Company's Securities outside of 
a Trading Window. 
9. ASX notifications 
9.1 Director notifications 
The Corporations Act obliges a director to notify the ASX within five business days after any Dealing in the 
Company's Securities which results in a change in the relevant interests of a member of the Board in the 
Company's Securities. The Company will notify the ASX on behalf of a member of the Board upon notification of a 
Dealing by a director. 
Directors must provide notice of such Dealings to the Company as soon as possible after such Dealing (and, in any 
case, no more than two days afterwards) to enable the Company to comply with its obligations under the Listing 
Rules. 
9.2 Changes to the Securities Trading Policy 
If Virgin Australia makes a material change to this trading policy, the amended trading policy will be provided to the 
ASX for release to the market within five business days of the material changes taking effect. 
 
 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
8 
 
Version 1 | May 2025 
10. Definitions 
Term 
Definition 
AGM 
Annual General Meeting 
ARSCC 
Audit, Risk, Sustainability and Compliance Committee 
ASX 
Means the Australian Securities Exchange 
Authorising Officer 
has the meaning given in section 6.2 of this Policy 
Board 
means the board of directors of the Company 
CEO 
means the Chief Executive Officer of the Company 
Connected Member/s 
means: 
• 
a Team Member’s spouse, partner or cohabitee; 
• 
a child or stepchild and dependants of a Team Member; 
• 
a child or stepchild and dependants of a Team Member’s spouse, partner or 
cohabitee; 
• 
anyone else who is a member of the Team Member’s family and may be expected to 
influence, or be influenced by, the Team Member in that Team Member’s Dealings 
with the Company’s Securities; 
• 
a body corporate that a Team Member or their Connected Member controls or is a 
director of; 
• 
a trust of which the Team Member or Team Member’s Connected Member is a 
trustee and of which they or a Connected Member are a beneficiary; 
• 
a self-managed superannuation fund of which the Team Member or Connected 
Member is a beneficiary. 
For the purposes of the definition of Connected Member, ‘control’ means the capacity to 
determine the outcome of financial or business affairs. 
Company 
Virgin Australia Holdings Limited ACN 100 686 226 
Company Secretary 
means the Company Secretary of the Company 
Corporations Act 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
Deal/Dealing 
includes an acquisition or disposal of securities, the entry into a derivative in relation to 
the securities, the grant, acceptance, acquisition, disposal or exercise of an option to 
acquire or dispose of securities, the use of the securities as security or the grant of any 
encumbrance over the securities, or the engagement in any other transaction involving a 
beneficial interest or a change in beneficial ownership of the securities, or the entry into 
any agreement to do any of the above things 
Designated Persons 
(a) 
Virgin Australia’s directors and senior executives (being employees at the GLT 
level and above); 
(b) 
employees who report directly to a member of the ELT or have access to ELT 
email or document folders; and  
(c) 
any person the CEO designates with notice in writing as a Designated Person 
ELT 
Executive Leadership Team 
GLT 
Group Leadership Team 
Inside Information 
Inside information is information that is not generally available, but if it were generally 
available would, or would be likely to, influence another person's decision to Deal in the 
Company's Securities or a reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on the 
price or value of Virgin Australia’s Securities. It may also include the passing on of this 
information to another or procuring another person to Deal in the Securities. 
For personal use only

Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
9 
 
Version 1 | May 2025 
Term 
Definition 
Securities 
includes, but is not limited to, shares, options, rights, debentures, interests in a managed 
investment scheme and derivatives (including forward contracts, swaps, warrants, 
futures, caps and collars and any other transaction in financial products that operates to 
limit the economic risk associated with holding the securities) 
Trading Window/s 
The four weeks after announcement of the half year and full year financial results and 
the Company's AGM or as notified if the Board uses its discretion to permit additional 
trading windows with written notice to be given to all Team Members. 
Team Member/s 
employees, officers, directors, consultants and contractors of Virgin Australia as well as 
Connected Members 
Virgin Australia 
means the Company, Virgin Australia International Holdings Pty Ltd ACN 155 860 021 
and each of their respective subsidiaries 
11. Related documents  
 
Code of Conduct  
 
Stakeholder Communication Policy 
 
Continuous Disclosure Policy 
12. Document details 
Version: 
1 
Policy Owner: 
Chief Legal Officer and Company Secretary 
Policy Contact: 
Head of Corporate Governance / Deputy Company Secretary 
Approval Authority: 
VAH Board 
Approval Date: 
16 May 2025 (adopted) 
Last Amendment Date: N/A 
Revision Date: 
N/A 
Review Period:  
This Policy may be reviewed and amended from time to time and at least every two 
years. 
Consequences:  
It’s each Team Member’s responsibility to comply with this Policy. Virgin Australia treats 
non-compliance seriously and resulting action could include suspension or termination of 
employment or engagement with Virgin Australia. 
Governance, 
Monitoring and 
Reporting:  
The Chief Legal Officer is responsible for oversight and implementation of this Policy and 
for establishing reporting and compliance procedures designed to ensure that Virgin 
Australia’s interests are appropriately protected. Compliance will be periodically reviewed 
by the Chief Legal Officer and the outcome reported to the Executive Leadership Team 
and Audit, Risk, Sustainability and Compliance Committee (as needed). 
Further Information 
and Advice:  
The Corporate Governance Team can provide you with guidance and support relating to 
the application or interpretation of this Policy. 
This Policy is non-contractual and may be replaced, amended from time to time in 
accordance with legislative changes or operational requirements or withdrawn. 
 
For personal use only
