 
CCP/1259_15 
 
40 
SCHEDULE 10 – TRADING POLICY 
1. 
Introduction 
These guidelines set out the policy on the sale and purchase of securities in the 
Company by its Key Management Personnel (as defined in the ASX Listing Rules). 
Key Management Personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility 
for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity, directly or 
indirectly, including any Director (whether executive or otherwise) of that entity. 
The Company has determined that its Key Management Personnel are its 
Directors, executives and those employees directly reporting to the Managing 
Director. 
Key Management Personnel are encouraged to be long-term holders of the 
Company’s securities. However, it is important that care is taken in the timing of 
any purchase or sale of such securities. 
The purpose of these guidelines is to assist Key Management Personnel to avoid 
conduct known as ‘insider trading’. In some respects, the Company’s policy 
extends beyond the strict requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).  
2. 
What types of transactions are covered by this policy? 
This policy applies to both the sale and purchase of any securities of the Company 
and its subsidiaries on issue from time to time. 
3. 
What is insider trading? 
3.1 
Prohibition 
Insider trading is a criminal offence. It may also result in civil liability. In broad terms, 
a person will be guilty of insider trading if: 
(a) 
that person possesses information, which is not generally available to the 
market and if it were generally available to the market, would be likely to 
have a material effect on the price or value of the Company’s securities 
(ie information that is ‘price sensitive’); and 
(b) 
that person: 
(i) 
buys or sells securities in the Company; or 
(ii) 
procures someone else to buy or sell securities in the Company; 
or 
(iii) 
passes on that information to a third party where that person 
knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the third party would 
be likely to buy or sell the securities or procure someone else to 
buy or sell the securities of the Company. 
For personal use only

 
CCP/1259_15 
 
41 
3.2 
Examples 
To illustrate the prohibition described above, the following are possible examples 
of price sensitive information which, if made available to the market, may be likely 
to materially affect the price of the Company’s securities: 
(a) 
the Company considering a major acquisition; 
(b) 
the threat of major litigation against the Company; 
(c) 
the Company’s revenue and profit or loss results materially exceeding (or 
falling short of) the market’s expectations; 
(d) 
a material change in debt, liquidity or cash flow; 
(e) 
a significant new development proposal (e.g. new product or 
technology); 
(f) 
the grant or loss of a major contract; 
(g) 
a management or business restructuring proposal;  
(h) 
a share issue proposal; 
(i) 
an agreement or option to acquire an interest in a mining tenement, or 
to enter into a joint venture or farm-in or farm-out arrangement in relation 
to a mining tenement; and 
(j) 
significant discoveries, exploration results, or changes in reserve/resource 
estimates from mining tenements in which the Company has an interest. 
3.3 
Dealing through third parties 
The insider trading prohibition extends to dealings by individuals through 
nominees, agents or other associates, such as family members, family trusts and 
family companies (referred to as “Associates” in these guidelines). 
3.4 
Information however obtained 
It does not matter how or where the person obtains the information – it does not 
have to be obtained from the Company to constitute inside information. 
3.5 
Employee share schemes 
The prohibition does not apply to acquisitions of shares or options by employees 
made under employee share or option schemes, nor does it apply to the 
acquisition of shares as a result of the exercise of options under an employee 
option scheme. However, the prohibition does apply to the sale of shares 
acquired under an employee share scheme and also to the sale of shares 
acquired following the exercise of an option granted under an employee option 
scheme. 
For personal use only

 
CCP/1259_15 
 
42 
4. 
Guidelines for trading in the Company’s securities 
4.1 
General rule 
Key Management Personnel must not, except in exceptional circumstances, deal 
in securities of the Company during the following periods: 
(a) 
two weeks prior to, and 48 hours after the release of the Company’s 
Annual Report;  
(b) 
two weeks prior to, and 48 hours after the release of the Half Year Report 
of the Company; and 
(c) 
two weeks prior to, and 48 hours after the release of the Company’s 
quarterly reports (if applicable), 
(together the Closed Periods). 
The Company may at its discretion vary this rule in relation to a particular Closed 
Period by general announcement to all Key Management Personnel either before 
or during the Closed Periods. However, if a Key Management Personnel is in 
possession of price sensitive information which is not generally available to the 
market, then he or she must not deal in the Company’s securities at any time it is 
in possession of such information. 
4.2 
No short-term trading in the Company’s securities 
Key Management Personnel should never engage in short-term trading of the 
Company’s securities except for the exercise of options where the shares will be 
sold shortly thereafter. 
4.3 
Securities in other companies 
Buying and selling securities of other companies with which the Company may be 
dealing is prohibited where an individual possesses information which is not 
generally available to the market and is ‘price sensitive’. For example, where an 
individual is aware that the Company is about to sign a major agreement with 
another company, they should not buy securities in either the Company or the 
other company. 
4.4 
Exceptions 
(a) 
Key Management Personnel may at any time: 
(i) 
acquire ordinary shares in the Company by conversion of 
securities giving a right of conversion to ordinary shares; 
(ii) 
acquire Company securities under a bonus issue made to all 
holders of securities of the same class; 
(iii) 
acquire Company securities under a dividend reinvestment, or 
top-up plan that is available to all holders or securities of the 
same class; 
(iv) 
acquire, or agree to acquire or exercise options under an 
employee incentive scheme (as that term is defined in the ASX 
Listing Rules); 
For personal use only

 
CCP/1259_15 
 
43 
(v) 
withdraw ordinary shares in the Company held on behalf of the 
Key Management Personnel in an employee incentive scheme 
(as that term is defined in the ASX Listing Rules) where the 
withdrawal is permitted by the rules of that scheme;  
(vi) 
acquire ordinary shares in the Company as a result of the 
exercise of options held under an employee option scheme; 
(vii) 
transfer securities of the Company already held into a 
superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which the 
restricted person is a beneficiary; 
(viii) 
make an investment in, or trade in units of, a fund or other 
scheme (other than a scheme only investing in the securities of 
the Company) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are 
invested at the discretion of a third party; 
(ix) 
where a restricted person is a trustee, trade in the securities of the 
Company by that trust, provided the restricted person is not a 
beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a 
prohibited period is taken by the other trustees or by the 
investment managers independently of the restricted person; 
(x) 
undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer; 
(xi) 
trade under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the 
security holders, such as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, 
a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an equal access 
buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and 
structure of the offer has been approved by the Board. This 
includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the 
entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for 
the take up of the balance of entitlements under a 
renounceable pro rata issue; 
(xii) 
dispose of securities of the Company resulting from a secured 
lender exercising their rights, for example, under a margin 
lending arrangement; 
(xiii) 
exercise (but not sell securities following exercise) an option or a 
right under an employee incentive scheme, or convert a 
convertible security, where the final date for the exercise of the 
option or right, or the conversion of the security, falls during a 
prohibited period or the Company has had a number of 
consecutive prohibited periods and the restricted person could 
not reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a time 
when free to do so; or 
(xiv) 
trade under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior 
written clearance has been provided in accordance with 
procedures set out in this Policy. 
(b) 
In respect of any share or option plans adopted by the Company, it 
should be noted that it is not permissible to provide the exercise price of 
options by selling the shares acquired on the exercise of these options 
unless the sale of those shares occurs outside the periods specified in 
paragraph 4.1. 
For personal use only

 
CCP/1259_15 
 
44 
Were this is to occur at a time when the person possessed inside information, then 
the sale of Company securities would be a breach of insider trading laws, even 
though the person’s decision to sell was not influenced by the inside information 
that the person possessed and the person may not have made a profit on the 
sale. Where Company securities are provided to a lender as security by way of 
mortgage or charge, a sale that occurs under that mortgage or charge as a 
consequence of default would not breach insider trading laws. 
4.5 
Notification of periods when Key Management Personnel are not permitted to 
trade 
The Company Secretary will endeavour to notify all Key Management Personnel 
of the times when they are not permitted to buy or sell the Company’s securities 
as set out in paragraph 4.1. 
5. 
Approval and Notification Requirements 
5.1 
Approval requirements 
(a) 
Any Key Management Personnel (other than the Chair of the Board) 
wishing to buy, sell or exercise rights in relation to the Company’s securities 
must obtain the prior written approval of the Chair of the Board or the 
Board before doing so. 
(b) 
If the Chair of the Board wishes to buy, sell or exercise rights in relation to 
the Company’s securities, the Chair of the Board must obtain the prior 
approval of the Board before doing so. 
5.2 
Approvals to buy or sell securities  
(a) 
All requests to buy or sell securities as referred to in paragraph 5.1 must 
include the intended volume of securities to be purchased or sold and an 
estimated time frame for the sale or purchase. 
(b) 
Copies of written approvals must be forwarded to the Company 
Secretary prior to the approved purchase or sale transaction. 
5.3 
Notification 
Subsequent to approval obtained in accordance with paragraphs 5.1 and 5.2, 
any Key Management Personnel who (or through his or her Associates) buys, sells, 
or exercises rights in relation to Company securities must notify the Company 
Secretary in writing of the details of the transaction within two (2) business days of 
the transaction occurring. This notification obligation operates at all times and 
includes applications for acquisitions of shares or options by employees made 
under employee share or option schemes and also applies to the acquisition of 
shares as a result of the exercise of options under an employee option scheme. 
5.4 
Key Management Personnel sales of securities  
Key Management Personnel need to be mindful of the market perception 
associated with any sale of Company securities and possibly the ability of the 
market to absorb the volume of shares being sold. With this in mind, the 
management of the sale of any significant volume of Company securities (ie a 
volume that would represent a volume in excess of 10% of the total securities held 
by the seller prior to the sale, or a volume to be sold that would be in excess of 
10% of the average daily traded volume of the shares of the Company on the ASX 
for the preceding 20 trading days) by a Key Management Personnel needs to be 
For personal use only

 
CCP/1259_15 
 
45 
discussed with the Board and the Company’s legal advisers prior to the execution 
of any sale. These discussions need to be documented in the form of a file note, 
to be retained by the Company Secretary. 
5.5 
Exemption from Closed Periods restrictions due to exceptional circumstance 
Key Management Personnel who are not in possession of inside information in 
relation to the Company, may be given prior written clearance by the Managing 
Director (or in the case of the Managing Director, by all other members of the 
Board) to sell or otherwise dispose of Company securities in a Closed Period where 
the person is in severe financial hardship or where there are exceptional 
circumstances as set out in this policy. 
5.6 
Severe financial hardship or exceptional circumstances 
The determination of whether a Key Management Personnel is in severe financial 
hardship will be made by the Managing Director (or in the case of the Managing 
Director, by all other members of the Board).  
A financial hardship or exceptional circumstances determination can only be 
made by examining all of the facts and if necessary obtaining independent 
verification of the facts from banks, accountants or other like institutions. 
5.7 
Financial hardship 
Key Management Personnel may be in severe financial hardship if they have a 
pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied other than by selling the 
securities of the Company.  
In the interests of an expedient and informed determination by the Managing 
Director (or all other members of the Board as the context requires), any 
application for an exemption allowing the sale of Company securities in a Closed 
Period based on financial hardship must be made in writing stating all of the facts 
and be accompanied by copies of relevant supporting documentation, including 
contact details of the person’s accountant, bank and other such independent 
institutions (where applicable).  
Any exemption, if issued, will be in writing and shall contain a specified time period 
during which the sale of securities can be made. 
5.8 
Exceptional circumstances 
Exceptional circumstances may apply to the disposal of Company securities by a 
Key Management Personnel if the person is required by a court order or a court 
enforceable undertaking (for example in a bona fide family settlement), to 
transfer or sell securities of the Company, or there is some other overriding legal or 
regulatory requirement to do so. 
Any application for an exemption allowing the sale of Company securities in a 
Closed Period based on exceptional circumstances must be made in writing and 
be accompanied by relevant court and/or supporting legal documentation 
(where applicable).  
Any exemption, if issued, will be in writing and shall contain a specified time period 
during which the sale of securities can be made. 
For personal use only

 
CCP/1259_15 
 
46 
6. 
ASX notification for Directors 
The ASX Listing Rules require the Company to notify the ASX within 5 business days 
after any dealing in securities of the Company (either personally or through an 
Associate) which results in a change in the relevant interests of a Director in the 
securities of the Company. The Company has made arrangements with each 
Director to ensure that the Director promptly discloses to the Company Secretary 
all the information required by the ASX. 
7. 
Effect of Compliance with this Policy 
Compliance with these guidelines for trading in the Company’s securities does not 
absolve that individual from complying with the law, which must be the overriding 
consideration when trading in the Company’s securities. 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only
