 
1 
 
SECURITIES DEALING POLICY 
1 Purpose 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
• 
ensure that public confidence is maintained in the reputation of Ventia Services 
Group Limited (Ventia) and its related bodies corporate (Group), Ventia Personnel 
and in the trading of Ventia’s securities (Securities); 
• 
outline the application of the policy  to directors and employees when dealing in 
Securities; and  
• 
recognise that some types of dealing in securities are prohibited by law and set out 
processes to manage these prohibitions. 
2 Who must comply with this Policy? 
This Policy applies to Ventia Personnel. For the purposes of this Policy, Ventia Personnel 
means:  
(a) Ventia’s Directors (Directors); and 
(b) Ventia Group employees (Employees ); and 
Certain parts of this Policy apply only to Restricted Persons who, for the purposes of this 
Policy, are: 
• 
Ventia Directors; 
• 
Key Management Personnel (as named each year in Ventia’s Remuneration 
Report) (KMP); 
• 
Senior management, being any other first, second and third line reports to the 
Group CEO (Senior Executives); and  
• 
other persons who regularly possess inside information and who have been 
advised by the Group Company Secretary that they are subject to special 
restrictions under this Policy (Nominated Employees). 
Restricted Persons must also take steps in relation to dealings by their Connected 
Persons. See section 4.6 for further information in relation to Connected Persons. 
In this Policy, Securities means with respect to Ventia: 
(i) 
equity securities (such as ordinary shares or preference shares);  
(ii) 
debt securities (such as bonds, loan notes, loan stocks or debentures);  
(iii) 
convertible securities (such as debt convertible into equity or vice versa);  
(iv) 
interests in an investment vehicle;  
(v) 
any rights to subscribe for, acquire or dispose of securities (including future 
contracts, options, performance rights, share rights or other interests);  
(vi) 
derivatives and other financial products covered by section 1042A of the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) whose price or value is 
For personal use only

 
2 
 
linked to the price or value of any of the securities referred to in (i) to (v) above; 
or 
(vii) 
financial products within the meaning of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 
2013 (FMCA) 
3 Restrictions applying to all Ventia People 
3.1 No dealing while in possession of Inside Information 
Ventia Personnel must not deal in Securities if: 
• 
they are aware of Inside Information in relation to the Group; or 
• 
Ventia has notified Ventia Personnel that they must not deal in securities (either for 
a specified period, or until the Group Company Secretary gives further notice). 
Inside Information is information relating to Ventia that: 
• 
is not generally available to the market; and  
• 
if it were generally available to the market, a reasonable person would expect it to 
have a material effect (upwards or downwards) on the price or value of a security. 
Inside Information may include matters of supposition, matters that are not yet certain and 
matters relating to a person’s intentions. 
Deal and Dealing means:  
• 
buying, selling and subscribing for Securities including agreeing to do any of these; 
or 
• 
recommending, assisting, procuring, encouraging or directing another person to 
Deal. 
It is the responsibility of Ventia Personnel to ensure that they do not breach the insider 
trading laws and that they comply with this Policy. 
If any breaches of these restrictions occur, then the individual involved and the person 
who engages in securities trading both commit offences under the Corporations Act and 
FMCA. A breach of the insider trading laws is a criminal offence with potential fines or 
imprisonment for offenders under Australian and New Zealand law.   
Section 6 contains further details regarding the scope of the insider trading laws. 
3.2 The Front Page Test 
It is important that public confidence in Ventia is maintained. It would be damaging to 
Ventia’s reputation if the market or the general public perceived that Ventia Personnel 
might be taking advantage of their position in the Group to make financial gains by Dealing 
in Securities on the basis of Inside Information.  
 
 
For personal use only

 
3 
 
As a guiding principle, Ventia Personnel must ask themselves: 
If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to be taking 
advantage of my position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the transaction 
were reported on the front page of the newspaper? (The Front Page Test) 
If Ventia Personnel are unsure, the Group Company Secretary must be consulted. 
Approval will not be granted to Ventia Personnel to Deal in Ventia Securities where the 
Dealing would not satisfy the Front Page Test. 
3.3 No short-term or speculative dealing 
Ventia Personnel must not Deal in Securities on a speculative basis e.g. short-term trading 
or short-selling.  
Short-term trading includes buying and selling Securities on market within a 3 month 
period, and entering into other short term dealings (for example, forward contracts). 
Selling Securities received following the vesting of entitlements under an employee, 
executive or director equity plan within 3 months of the vesting date is not a short-term 
dealing. 
Short selling involves borrowing and selling securities in the hope that they can be bought 
back at a lower price in the future to close out the short position at a profit. 
3.4 Hedging of Company securities 
Hedging includes entering into any arrangements that operate to limit the economic risk 
associated with holding the Securities. 
Securities acquired under an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by 
Ventia must never be hedged prior to vesting.  
Securities must never be hedged while they are subject to a holding lock or restriction on 
dealing under the terms of an employee, executive or director equity plan operated by 
Ventia. 
3.5 Dealing in other companies’ securities 
Ventia Personnel may come into possession of Inside Information regarding another 
company where they are directly involved in a matter relating to that company. For 
example, where a person is aware that the Group is about to sign a major agreement with 
another company. 
Ventia Personnel must not deal in the securities in another company if they are aware of 
Inside Information in relation to that company, no matter how they came into possession of 
the Inside Information.  
If Ventia Personnel are in any doubt, the Group Company Secretary must be consulted. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
4 
 
3.6 Margin lending arrangements 
Approval must be obtained in accordance with the procedure set out in section 4.4 for any: 
• 
entering into a margin lending arrangement in respect of Securities; and 
• 
transferring Securities in Ventia into an existing margin loan account. 
Ventia may, at its discretion, make any approval granted in accordance with section 4.4 
conditional upon such terms and conditions as Ventia sees fit (for example, with regard to 
the circumstances in which Securities may be sold to satisfy a margin call). 
4 Additional restrictions applying to Restricted Persons 
4.1 No Dealing in blackout periods 
Whilst trading is unlawful at any time if an individual has Inside Information, there are 
particular periods, known as “Blackout Periods“ when trading by persons who generally 
have access to non-public information is unwise due to the perception that they are likely 
to possess price-sensitive information that is not generally available.  
Restricted Persons must not Deal in Securities during any of the following Blackout 
Periods:  
• 
the period from the close of trading on the ASX on 31 December each year until 
the day following the announcement to ASX and NZX of the full-year results;  
• 
the period from the close of trading on the ASX on 30 June each year until the day 
following the announcement to ASX and NZX of the half-year results; and 
• 
any other period that the Board specifies from time to time.  
4.2 Exceptional circumstances 
If a Restricted Person needs to Deal in Securities during a Blackout Period due to 
exceptional circumstances and is not in possession of any Inside Information, then they 
may apply for approval to Deal in accordance with section 4.4. Exceptional circumstances 
are likely to be limited to severe financial hardship or compulsion by court order. 
Approval to Deal will only be granted under section 4.4 if the Restricted Person’s 
application is accompanied by sufficient evidence (in the opinion of the Group Company 
Secretary) that the dealing is the most reasonable course of action available in the 
circumstances. 
Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any dealing permitted under this section 4.2 must 
comply with the other sections of this Policy (to the extent applicable). 
4.3 Approval required for Dealing outside Blackout Periods 
During any period that is not a Blackout Period, Restricted Persons must, prior to any 
proposed trade, seek approval for the proposed Dealing in Securities in accordance with 
section 4.4.  
For personal use only

 
5 
 
There are certain times during the year when approval to Deal in Securities outside of a 
Blackout Period is more likely to be granted. These are the 4 week periods immediately 
following: 
• 
the day after release of the Company’s full-year results; and 
• 
the day after release of the Company’s half-year results.  
Restricted Persons who wish to seek approval to Deal outside of a Blackout Period are 
encouraged to do so during these periods. Trading at any time (even if approval has been 
obtained under this Policy) remains subject to the insider trading prohibition in the 
Corporations Act and FMCA. 
4.4 Written request process  
Restricted Persons must submit a written “Clearance to Trade” request to the Group 
Company Secretary before they deal in Securities. The request must confirm that the 
relevant person is not aware of any Inside Information, and in the case of a proposed 
Dealing during a Blackout Period, the reasons why the request is being made including an 
explanation as to the exceptional circumstances. 
Requests for approval under sections 4.2 or 4.3 must be submitted by email to the Group 
Company Secretary, who will forward it to the relevant approver who is the: 
• 
Group CEO (in the case of Employees); 
• 
Board Chairman (in the case of the Group CEO or other Directors);  
• 
Chair of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee (in the case of the Board 
Chairman). 
A request for approval to Deal in Securities will be answered as soon as practicable. The 
approver may:  
• 
grant or refuse the request; 
• 
impose conditions on the Dealing in their discretion, including a time period within 
which Dealing trade is to be completed. 
The approver is not obliged to provide reasons for any aspect of their decision and may 
revoke their approval at any time prior to the Dealing. If a request is not approved or an 
approval is revoked prior to the Dealing then that fact must be kept confidential by the 
Restricted Person applicant. 
Following receipt of approval to Deal, the approved Dealing of Securities by the Restricted 
Person must occur within 2 business days following approval (or such other time specified 
in the approval), otherwise the approval is no longer effective and fresh approval must be 
sought. 
Approval under this Policy is not an endorsement of the Dealing. Personnel are 
responsible for their own compliance with the law. 
For personal use only

 
6 
 
4.5 Directors – confirmation of Dealing required 
Ventia has an obligation to notify ASX of any change in a Director’s notifiable interests, 
which includes trading in Securities, within 5 business days of the change.  
To enable Ventia to comply with its disclosure obligations under the Listing Rules of the 
ASX and NZX, following any Dealing by a Director the Director must promptly notify the 
Group Company Secretary as soon as reasonably practical and in any event after the 
close of the relevant stock exchange on the day the Dealing is entered into. 
4.6 Connected Persons 
Restricted Persons must take appropriate steps to ensure that their “Connected Persons” 
only Deal in Securities in circumstances where the Restricted Person to whom they are 
connected would be permitted to Deal under this Policy. For example, by obtaining 
clearance in accordance with this Policy in respect of the Connected Persons’ Dealings.  
Connected Persons are: 
• 
a family member who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, the 
Restricted Person in his or her Dealing with Securities (this may include the 
Restricted Person’s spouse, partner and children, the children of the Restricted 
Person’s partner, or dependants of the Restricted Person or the Restricted 
Person’s partner); and 
• 
a company or any other entity (such as a trust) which the Restricted Person has an 
ability to control.  
5 Excluded Dealings 
Sections 3.3, 4.1 and 4.3 of this Policy do not apply to:  
• 
participation in an employee, executive or director equity or incentive plan operated 
by Ventia. However, where Securities in Ventia granted under an employee, 
executive or director equity or incentive plan cease to be held under the terms of 
that plan, any Dealing in those Securities must only occur in accordance with this 
Policy; 
• 
the following categories of Dealing: 
o acquisition of Securities through any dividend reinvestment plan; 
o acquisition of Securities through a security purchase plan available to all 
retail securityholders; 
o acquisition of Securities through a rights issue; and  
o the disposal of Securities through the acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme 
of arrangement or equal access buy-back;  
• 
Dealings that result in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the 
Securities (for example, transfers of Company securities already held into a 
superannuation fund or trust of which the Employee is a beneficiary); 
For personal use only

 
7 
 
• 
trading under a pre-approved non-discretionary trading plan, where the Group 
Employee did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a Blackout Period, 
the plan does not permit the Group Employee to exercise any influence or 
discretion in relation to trading under the plan and the plan cannot be cancelled 
during a Blackout Period, other than in exceptional circumstances and in respect of 
any Securities listed on the main board equity security market operated by NZX, 
the trading plan otherwise meets the requirements of section 260 of the FMCA; 
and  
• 
a disposal of Securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, 
for example, under a margin lending arrangement.  
However, given such Dealing remain subject to the insider trading rules in the 
Corporations Act and FMCA, Group Employees must still consider any legal or 
reputational issues (and discuss any concerns they have with the Group Company 
Secretary) before proceeding with the Dealing. 
6 What happens if this Policy is breached? 
Breaches of this Policy will be regarded as serious and will be subject to appropriate 
sanctions. Any Employee who breaches this Policy could face disciplinary action 
(including forfeiture of securities and/or suspension or termination of employment). 
Breaches of the insider trading laws have serious consequences for both the relevant 
Personnel concerned and Ventia. Penalties under the Corporations Act and FMCA include 
financial penalties and imprisonment. 
7 Who must I contact? 
Personnel must contact the Group Company Secretary if they are unsure about whether it 
is acceptable to deal or communicate with others in relation to the Securities or other 
securities or if they have any other queries about this Policy. 
Owner 
Board of Directors 
Prepared By 
Group Company Secretary 
Authorised By 
The Board on 7 October 2021 
 
For personal use only
