 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TRADING POLICY 
 
 
 
 
This Policy was approved by the Board of Vulcan Energy Resources Limited on 
19 April 2022 
 
For personal use only

 
 
1 
Vulcan Energy Resources Limited 
ACN 624 223 132 
1. Introduction 
These guidelines set out the policy on the sale and purchase of ordinary shares and other 
securities (together hereinafter defined as Securities) in the Company. This policy applies 
to: 
- 
Permanent Insiders (defined below);  
- 
full-time, part-time and casual employees; and 
- 
contractors, consultants and advisers of, 
the Company and its Related Bodies Corporate (the latter as defined in the Corporations Act 
2001 (Cth)) (together defined as Staff).  
Permanent Insiders are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, 
directing, and controlling the activities of the entity, directly or indirectly, including any 
director (whether executive or otherwise) of that entity. The Company has determined that 
its Permanent Insiders are its directors, key executives and other such individuals that the 
Company has placed on its list of permanent insiders which it has set up on the EQS platform 
used to comply with the reporting requirements resulting from capital market law in 
Germany. Such list will be updated from time to time in case any person is added or taken 
off the list of permanent insiders. 
All Staff are encouraged to be long-term holders of the Company’s Securities and it is 
prohibited to undertake short-term or speculative trading1 in Company Securities; as such 
it is important that care is taken in the timing of any purchase or sale of Securities. 
The purpose of these guidelines is to assist Staff to avoid conduct known as ‘insider trading’ 
which is a criminal offence and can lead to imprisonment. In some respects, the Company’s 
policy extends beyond the strict requirements of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
and /or the European Regulation No. 596/2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation – 
MAR).  
2. What Types of Transactions are Covered by this Policy? 
This policy applies to both the sale and purchase of any Securities of the Company and its 
subsidiaries on issue from time to time. 
3. What is Insider Trading? 
3.1. Prohibition 
Insider trading is a criminal offence. It may also result in civil liability and 
imprisonment and no Staff may trade in Securities whilst being in possession of 
inside information. In broad terms, a person will be guilty of insider trading if: 
(a) 
that person possesses information of a precise nature which is relating, directly or 
indirectly, to the Company or to the Company’s Securities, and such information is 
not generally available to the market and if it were generally available to the 
market, would be likely to have a material effect on the price or value of the 
Company’s Securities (i.e. information that is ‘price sensitive’); and 
 
1 In this document, short-term or speculative trading refers to trading in Company where the shares are held 
for less than 6 months.  
For personal use only

 
 
2 
Vulcan Energy Resources Limited 
ACN 624 223 132 
(b) 
that person: 
(i) 
buys or sells Securities in the Company; or 
(ii) 
procures someone else to buy or sell Securities in the Company; or 
(iii) 
passes on that information to a third party where that person knows, or ought 
reasonably to know, that the third party would be likely to buy or sell the 
Securities or procure someone else to buy or sell the Securities of the 
Company. 
Further, under German law, the attempt of a person to engage in such activities is 
also/already considered insider dealing and thus prohibited. 
3.2. Examples 
To illustrate the prohibition described above, the following are possible, non-exclusive, 
examples of price sensitive information which, if made available to the market, may be 
likely to materially affect the price of the Company’s Securities: 
(a) 
the Company considering a major acquisition; 
(b) 
the threat of major litigation against the Company (e.g. significant product liability 
or environmental damage cases); 
(c) 
the Company’s revenue and profit or loss results materially exceeding (or falling 
short of) the market’s expectations; 
(d) 
a material change in debt, liquidity or cash flow; 
(e) 
a significant new development proposal (e.g. new product or technology); 
(f) 
the grant or loss of a major contract; 
(g) 
a management or business restructuring proposal;  
(h) 
a share issue proposal or any significant corporate action such as capital increases, 
capital reductions, share buy-backs or issuing convertible bonds; 
(i) 
an agreement or option to acquire an interest in a mining tenement, or to enter 
into a joint venture or farm-in or farm-out arrangement in relation to a mining 
tenement; and 
(j) 
significant discoveries, exploration results, or changes in reserve/resource 
estimates from mining tenements in which the Company has an interest; or 
(k) 
significant changes in the shareholder structure. 
3.3. Dealing Through Third Parties 
The insider trading prohibition extends to dealings by individuals through nominees, 
agents or other associates, such as family members, family trusts and family companies 
(referred to as “Associates” in these guidelines). 
3.4. Information However Obtained 
It does not matter how or where the person obtains the information – it does not have 
to be obtained from the Company to constitute inside information. 
For personal use only

 
 
3 
Vulcan Energy Resources Limited 
ACN 624 223 132 
 
3.5. Information relating indirectly to the Company or its Securities 
The information may relate directly or indirectly to the Company or its Securities. There 
is therefore no requirement for the information to affect the price of the Company's 
Securities, have occurred in the Company’s field of activity or to relate directly to the 
Company or its Securities in order to be considered as inside information. 
3.6. Employee Share Schemes 
The prohibition does not apply to acquisitions of Securities by employees made under 
employee share or Security schemes, nor does it apply to the acquisition of shares as a 
result of the exercise of Securities under an employee incentive scheme.  
 
However, the prohibition does apply to the sale of shares acquired under an employee 
share scheme and also to the sale of shares acquired following the exercise of a Security 
granted under an employee incentive scheme. 
 
4. Guidelines for Trading in the Company’s Securities  
4.1. Closed Periods 
Permanent Insiders must not, except in exceptional circumstances, deal in Securities of 
the Company during the following periods: 
(a) 
30 calendar days prior to, and 48 hours after the release of the latter of the 
Company’s Annual Report or relevant announcement;  
(b) 
30 calendar days prior to, and 48 hours after the release of the latter of the 
consolidated interim of the Company or relevant announcement; and 
(c) 
30 calendar days prior to, and 48 hours after the release of the latter of the 
Company’s quarterly reports or relevant announcement (if applicable), 
(together the Closed Periods). 
The Company may at its discretion vary this rule in relation to a particular Closed 
Period by general announcement to the Permanent Insiders either before or during the 
Closed Periods. However, if any Permanent Insider is in possession of price sensitive 
information which is not generally available to the market, then he or she must not deal 
in the Company’s Securities at any time it is in possession of such information. 
4.2. No Short-term Trading in the Company’s Securities 
It is prohibited for any member of Staff to engage in short-term trading of the 
Company’s Securities except, subject to the other terms of these guidelines for the 
exercise of convertible Securities where the shares will be sold shortly thereafter. 
4.3. Securities in Other Companies 
Buying and selling Securities of other companies with which the Company may be 
dealing is prohibited where an individual possesses information which is not generally 
available to the market and is ‘price sensitive’ even if the information may be price-
For personal use only

 
 
4 
Vulcan Energy Resources Limited 
ACN 624 223 132 
sensitive for Company Securities but not for the counterparty. For example, where an 
individual is aware that the Company is about to sign a major agreement with another 
company, they should not buy Securities in either the Company or the other company.  
4.4. Exceptions 
(a) 
Staff may at any time: 
(i) 
acquire ordinary shares in the Company by conversion of Securities giving a 
right of conversion to ordinary shares; 
(ii) 
acquire Company Securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of 
Securities of the same class; 
(iii) 
acquire Company Securities under a dividend reinvestment, or top-up plan 
that is available to all holders or Securities of the same class; 
(iv) 
acquire, or agree to acquire or exercise (but not sell Securities following 
exercise) convertible Securities under an employee incentive scheme (as that 
term is defined in the ASX Listing Rules); 
(v) 
exercise (but not sell Securities following exercise) an option or a, or convert 
a convertible security, where the final date for the exercise of the option or 
right, or the conversion of the security, falls during a prohibited period or the 
Company has had a number of consecutive prohibited periods and the 
restricted person could not reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a 
time when free to do so; or 
(vi) 
withdraw ordinary shares in the Company held on behalf of Staff in an 
employee incentive scheme (as that term is defined in the ASX Listing Rules) 
where the withdrawal is permitted by the rules of that scheme;  
(vii) 
transfer Securities of the Company already held into a superannuation fund 
or other saving scheme in which the restricted person is a beneficiary; 
(viii) make an investment in, or trade in units of, a fund or other scheme (other 
than a scheme only investing in the Securities of the Company) where the 
assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third 
party; 
(ix) 
where a restricted person is a trustee, trade in the Securities of the Company 
by that trust, provided the restricted person is not a beneficiary of the trust 
and any decision to trade during a prohibited period is taken by the other 
trustees or by the investment managers independently of the restricted 
person; 
(x) 
undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer; 
(xi) 
trade under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, 
such as a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution 
reinvestment plan and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that 
determines the timing and structure of the offer has been approved by the 
Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the 
entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up 
of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
For personal use only

 
 
5 
Vulcan Energy Resources Limited 
ACN 624 223 132 
(xii) 
dispose of Securities of the Company resulting from a secured lender 
exercising their rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement; 
(xiii) trade under a non-discretionary trading plan for which prior written 
clearance has been provided in accordance with procedures set out in this 
Policy. 
(b) 
In respect of any share or option plans adopted by the Company, it should be noted 
that it is not permissible to provide the exercise price of options by selling the 
shares acquired on the exercise of these options unless the sale of those shares 
occurs outside the periods specified in paragraph 4.1(a). Were this to occur at a 
time when the person possessed inside information, then the sale of Company 
Securities would be a breach of insider trading laws, even though the person’s 
decision to sell was not influenced by the inside information that the person 
possessed and the person may not have made a profit on the sale.  
(c) 
Where Company Securities are provided to a lender as security by way of mortgage 
or charge, a sale that occurs under that mortgage or charge as a consequence of 
default would not breach insider trading laws. 
4.5. Notification of Periods when Permanent Insiders are not Permitted to Trade 
The Company Secretary and/or Legal Counsels will endeavour to notify all Permanent 
Insiders of the times when they are not permitted to buy or sell the Company’s 
Securities as set out in paragraph 4.1.  However, it is the sole responsibility of each 
Permanent Insider to ensure that they do not trade in Company Securities within a 
Closed Period, and all Permanent Insiders are encouraged to contact the Company 
Secretary and/or Legal Counsels should they be in doubt as to whether they are within 
a Closed Period.  
5. Approval and Notification Requirements 
5.1. Approval Requirements 
(a) 
Any member of the Permanent Insiders (other than the Chairman of the Board or 
the Managing Director) wishing to buy, sell or exercise rights in relation to the 
Company’s Securities must obtain the prior written approval of the Managing 
Director before doing so. 
(b) 
If the Managing Director wishes to buy, sell or exercise rights in relation to the 
Company’s Securities, the Managing Director must obtain the prior written 
approval of the Chairman of the Board before doing so. 
(c) 
If the Chairman of the Board wishes to buy, sell or exercise rights in relation to the 
Company’s Securities, the Chairman of the Board must obtain the prior written 
approval of the Board before doing so. 
5.2. Approvals to Buy or Sell Securities 
(a) 
All requests to buy or sell Securities as referred to in paragraph 5.1(a) must include 
the intended volume of Securities to be purchased or sold and an estimated time 
frame for the sale or purchase. 
For personal use only

 
 
6 
Vulcan Energy Resources Limited 
ACN 624 223 132 
(b) 
Copies of written approvals must be forwarded to the Company Secretary prior to 
the approved purchase or sale transaction. 
5.3. Notification 
Subsequent to approval obtained in accordance with paragraphs 5.1 or 5.2, any 
Permanent Insider who (or through his or her Associates) buys, sells, or exercises rights 
in relation to Company Securities must notify the Company Secretary in writing of the 
details of the transaction within two (2) business days of the transaction occurring. This 
notification obligation operates at all times and includes applications for acquisitions 
of shares or Security by employees made under employee share or incentive schemes 
and also applies to the acquisition of shares as a result of the exercise of Securities 
under an employee Security scheme. 
5.4. Staff Sales of Securities 
Staff need to be mindful of the market perception associated with any sale of Company 
Securities and possibly the ability of the market to absorb the volume of shares being 
sold. With this in mind, the management of the sale of any significant volume of 
Company Securities (i.e. a volume that would represent a volume in excess of 10% of 
the total Securities held by the seller prior to the sale, or a volume to be sold that would 
be in excess of 10% of the average daily traded volume of the shares of the Company on 
the ASX for the preceding 20 trading days) by Staff needs to be discussed with the Board 
and the Company’s legal advisers prior to the execution of any sale. These discussions 
need to be documented in the form of a file note, to be retained by the Company 
Secretary. 
5.5. Exemption from Closed Periods Restrictions due to Exceptional Circumstance 
Permanent Insiders who are not in possession of inside information in relation to the 
Company, may be given prior written clearance by the Managing Director (or in the 
case of the Managing Director, the Chairman of the Board or in the case of the 
Chairman, by all other members of the Board) to sell or otherwise dispose of Company 
Securities in a Closed Period where the person is in severe financial hardship or where 
there are exceptional circumstances as set out in this policy. 
5.6. Severe Financial Hardship or Exceptional Circumstances 
(a) 
The determination of whether a Permanent Insider is in severe financial hardship 
will be made by the Managing Director (or in the case of the Managing Director, 
the Chairman of the Board or in the case of the Chairman, by all other members of 
the Board).  
(b) 
A financial hardship or exceptional circumstances determination can only be 
made by examining all of the facts and if necessary, obtaining independent 
verification of the facts from banks, accountants or other like institutions. 
5.7. Financial Hardship 
(a) 
Permanent Insiders may be in severe financial hardship if they have a pressing 
financial commitment that cannot be satisfied other than by selling the Securities 
of the Company.  
For personal use only

 
 
7 
Vulcan Energy Resources Limited 
ACN 624 223 132 
(b) 
In the interests of an expedient and informed determination by the Managing 
Director (or the Chairman or all other members of the Board as the context 
requires), any application for an exemption allowing the sale of Company 
Securities in a Closed Period based on financial hardship must be made in writing 
stating all of the facts and be accompanied by copies of relevant supporting 
documentation, including contact details of the person’s accountant, bank and 
other such independent institutions (where applicable).  
(c) 
Any exemption, if issued, will be in writing and shall contain a specified time 
period during which the sale of Securities can be made. 
5.8. Exceptional Circumstances 
(a) 
Exceptional circumstances may apply to the disposal of Company Securities by a 
Permanent Insider if the person is required by a court order or a court enforceable 
undertaking (for example in a bona fide family settlement), to transfer or sell 
Securities of the Company, or there is some other overriding legal or regulatory 
requirement to do so. 
(b) 
Any application for an exemption allowing the sale of Company Securities in a 
Closed Period based on exceptional circumstances must be made in writing and be 
accompanied by relevant court and/or supporting legal documentation (where 
applicable).  
(c) 
Any exemption, if issued, will be in writing and shall contain a specified time 
period during which the sale of Securities can be made. 
6. ASX Notification for Directors 
The ASX Listing Rules require the Company to notify the ASX within 5 business days 
after any dealing in Securities of the Company (either personally or through an 
Associate) which results in a change in the relevant interests of a director in the 
Securities of the Company. The Company has made arrangements with each director to 
ensure that the director promptly discloses to the Company Secretary all the 
information required by the ASX.  
7. BaFin Notification for Directors 
Section 33 of the German Securities Trading Act requires the Company to notify the 
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) in case a Company's shareholder, 
through acquisition, sale or otherwise, reaches, exceeds or falls below certain 
thresholds (three, five, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 50 or 75 per cent). The Company has made 
arrangements with each director (and has informed its substantial shareholders) to 
ensure that the director/substantial shareholder promptly (within 4 trading days) 
notifies the BaFin and the Company of having reached, exceeded or fallen below the 
respective threshold(s) and of any further information required by the BaFin. 
8. Effect of Compliance with this Policy 
The Compliance with these guidelines for trading in the Company’s Securities does not 
absolve that individual from complying with the law, which must be the overriding 
consideration when trading in the Company’s Securities. 
For personal use only
