 
 
27 JULY 2023 
 
UPDATED CORPORATE GOVERNANCE POLICIES 
WA1 Resources Ltd (ASX: WA1) (WA1 or the Company) has updated the following corporate 
governance policies: 
• 
Board Skills Matrix 
• 
Disclosure Policy  
• 
Securities Trading Policy 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10, the updated Securities Trading Policy is attached to this 
release. All corporate governance policies are available on the Company’s website.  
ENDS 
For further information, please contact: 
Investors 
Paul Savich 
Managing Director 
T: +61 8 6478 7866 
E: psavich@wa1.com.au 
Media 
Michael Vaughan 
Fivemark Partners 
T: +61 422 602 720 
E: michael.vaughan@fivemark.com.au 
Or visit our website at www.wa1.com.au  
 
Authorised for market release by the Board of WA1.
For personal use only

 
 
About WA1 
WA1 Resources Ltd is based in Perth, Western Australia and was admitted to the official list 
of the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) in February 2022.  WA1’s shares are traded 
under the code WA1. 
WA1’s objective is to discover Tier 1 deposits in Western Australia’s underexplored regions 
and create value for all stakeholders.  We believe we can have a positive impact on the 
remote communities within the lands on which we operate.  We will execute our 
exploration using a proven leadership team which has a successful track record of 
exploring in WA’s most remote regions. 
 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This ASX Release may contain 
certain 
“forward-looking 
statements” which may be based 
on forward-looking information 
that are subject to a number of 
known 
and 
unknown 
risks, 
uncertainties, and other factors 
that may cause actual results to 
differ 
materially 
from 
those 
presented here.  
Where the 
Company expresses or implies an 
expectation or belief as to future 
events 
or 
results, 
such 
expectation or belief is expressed 
in good faith and believed to have 
a reasonable basis.  For a more 
detailed discussion of such risks 
and 
other 
factors, 
see 
the 
Company’s 
Prospectus 
and 
Annual Reports, as well as the 
Company’s other ASX Releases.  
Readers should not place undue 
reliance 
on 
forward-looking 
information.  The Company does 
not undertake any obligation to 
release publicly any revisions to 
any forward-looking statement to 
reflect events or circumstances after the date of this ASX Release, or to reflect the 
occurrence of unanticipated events, except as may be required under applicable securities 
laws. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
 ABN 51 646 878 631 
Adopted by the Board on 26 July 2023 
www.wa1.com.au 
For personal use only

 
 
WA1 Resources Ltd – Securities Trading Policy 
page | 1 
 
WA1 Resources Ltd – Securities Trading Policy 
This Securities Trading Policy has been adopted by WA1 Resources Ltd (WA1) in order to comply 
with ASX Listing Rule 12.9. 
1 
Purpose and application of this policy 
(a) 
The Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) prohibits the trading in shares, 
options, debentures (including convertible notes) and other securities (securities) of a 
company by any person who is in possession of price sensitive information regarding that 
company that is not generally available.  The Corporations Act: 
(i) 
imposes substantial penalties on persons who breach those provisions; and  
(ii) 
applies to the extent of any inconsistency between it and this policy.  
(b) 
For the purposes of this policy: 
(i) 
“WA1 Person” means all directors and senior management including each director 
of WA1, the Managing Director and Company Secretary of WA1, Key Management 
Personnel (as defined in the Corporations Act), all employees of WA1 and any 
other person designated as a WA1 Person by the board of directors (Board) in 
writing; and  
(ii) 
also includes:  
(A) 
a company or trust controlled by any of the persons referred to in clause 
1(b)(i) above; and 
(B) 
for the purposes of clause 3 only, a spouse (including a de facto spouse), 
child (including a step-child or adopted child), a close relative, a person 
financially dependent on or acting in concert with any of the persons 
referred to in clause 1(b)(i) above. 
(c) 
This policy regulates dealings by directors and certain officers of WA1 and other 
designated persons, in securities in WA1 or any other entity about which they acquire 
Inside Information through their position or dealings with WA1. 
(d) 
The purpose of this policy is not only to minimise the risk of insider trading, but also to 
avoid the appearance of insider trading and the significant reputational damage 
associated with the perception of insider trading. 
(e) 
This policy is not designed to prohibit WA1 Persons from investing in WA1 securities, but 
does recognise that there may be times when directors, officers or certain employees 
cannot or should not invest in WA1 securities. 
2 
Insider trading 
2.1 
General prohibition on Insider Trading 
(a) 
No WA1 Person may, while in possession of Inside Information (defined in clause 2.1(d)) 
concerning WA1, in breach of the Corporations Act:  
(i) 
buy, sell or deal in any WA1 securities at any time;  
For personal use only

 
 
WA1 Resources Ltd – Securities Trading Policy 
page | 2 
 
(ii) 
procure another person to deal in WA1’s securities in any way; or  
(iii) 
pass on any Inside Information to another person for that person’s own personal 
gain by dealing in WA1 securities in any way (Insider Trading). 
(b) 
All WA1 Persons are prohibited from dealing in the securities of outside companies about 
which they acquire Inside Information through their position with WA1. 
(c) 
The requirements imposed by this policy are in addition to any legal prohibitions on 
Insider Trading.  Trading in WA1’s securities is prohibited at any time by a director or an 
WA1 Person if that person possesses Inside Information, even where the trade occurs 
outside a Blackout Period; or the trade falls within an exclusion in this policy; or clearance 
has been given under this policy to trade (whether in exceptional circumstances or 
otherwise). 
Inside Information 
(d) 
A WA1 Person is responsible for assessing whether they possess “Inside Information”. 
This occurs where: 
(i) 
the person possesses information that is not generally available to the public and, 
if the information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to 
have a material effect on the price or value of WA1 securities (or a decision 
whether or not to trade in them); and 
(ii) 
the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, that the information is not 
generally available and, if it were generally available, a reasonable person would 
expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of WA1 securities. 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price 
or value of securities if the information would, or would be likely to, influence a person who 
commonly invests in securities to either deal or not deal in securities in any way.  Inside 
Information in relation to the securities of outside companies has the same meaning for the 
purposes of this policy, except that references to “WA1 securities” should be read as references 
to the securities of the outside company.  
3 
Restrictions on trading in Blackout Periods 
3.1 
Blackout Periods 
In addition to general restrictions outlined in clause 2, WA1 Persons, subject to clause 3.3, may 
not buy or sell WA1 securities during a Blackout Period (defined below). 
(a) 
Blackout Periods are times when WA1 Persons must not deal in WA1’s securities. 
The following are mandated Blackout Periods: 
(i) 
the date that is five trading days immediately preceding and 24 hours immediately 
following the release of the Company's half year results; 
(ii) 
the date that is five trading days immediately preceding and 24 hours immediately 
following the release of the Company's full year results;  
(iii) 
from the close of the ASX trading day two weeks prior to the date of WA1’s Annual 
General Meeting (AGM) until 10:00am (Sydney time) on the ASX trading day 
following the date of WA1’s AGM;  
For personal use only

 
 
WA1 Resources Ltd – Securities Trading Policy 
page | 3 
 
(iv) 
the date that is five trading days immediately preceding and 24 hours immediately 
following the release of the Company's quarterly reports; and 
(v) 
any other period that the Board specifies from time to time. 
During Blackout Periods WA1 Persons must not deal in any of WA1's financial products or 
securities, or in any securities related to them. 
3.2 
Ad-hoc restrictions 
WA1 may impose, without notice and in its sole and absolute discretion, additional restrictions 
on trading in WA1’s securities by any or all WA1 Persons, and also by any other staff member(s) 
(who are not otherwise designated as “WA1 Persons”) as WA1 considers appropriate.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, WA1 may impose ad-hoc restrictions under this clause 3.2 even where the 
proposed trade would otherwise take place outside a Blackout Period provided for in this policy.  
Any restriction communicated by WA1 to any or all WA1 Persons (or other staff members) under 
this clause 3.2 must be kept strictly confidential. 
3.3 
Notifications 
(a) 
WA1 Persons must:  
(i) 
prior to dealing in WA1 securities outside a Blackout Period or where clause 4 
requires the person to obtain a consent under clause 3.3, notify the relevant 
person in clause 3.3(c) (the Authorising Officer) of their proposed dealing and 
obtain consent from the Authorising Officer; 
(ii) 
confirm that they are not in possession of any Inside Information; 
(iii) 
after dealing with the WA1 securities, provide the Authorising Officer with a 
transaction confirmation; and  
(iv) 
notify the Authorising Officer if they begin to have, or cease to have, a “substantial 
holding” (as defined in section 9 of the Corporations Act) in WA1, or if they have a 
substantial holding in WA1 and there is a movement of at least 1% in their holding. 
(b) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the WA1 Person seeking authorisation cannot be their own 
Authorising Officer. 
(c) 
Authorising Officer  
WA1 Person seeking authorisation 
Authorising Officer 
Chair of the Board 
The Managing Director  
Other directors, Company Secretary and 
any other Key Management Personnel  
The Chair of the Board. 
Any other WA1 Person 
Company Secretary or, in their absence, the 
Managing Director  
3.4 
Exceptional circumstances 
(a) 
In exceptional circumstances the Authorising Officer has discretion to approve dealings in 
WA1 securities during a Blackout Period, or other dealings that would otherwise be 
prohibited by this policy. 
(b) 
Any approval given under this clause 3.4, must be provided by electronic delivery via 
email.  The notification requirements still apply. 
For personal use only

 
 
WA1 Resources Ltd – Securities Trading Policy 
page | 4 
 
(c) 
What constitutes “exceptional circumstances” will be assessed on a case-by-case basis 
within the absolute discretion of the Authorising Officer, and may include, without 
limitation, severe financial hardship or a requirement to comply with a court order or 
court enforceable undertaking.  
(d) 
Any decision to grant or refuse to grant clearance to a WA1 Person to trade in WA1’s 
securities by the Authorising Officer under this clause 3.4: 
(i) 
may be made in the Authorising Officer’s absolute discretion, without giving any 
reasons;  
(ii) 
can be withdrawn (if clearance has been given) if new information comes to light 
or there is a change in circumstances;  
(iii) 
is final and binding on the WA1 Person seeking clearance; and 
(iv) 
must be kept strictly confidential by the WA1 Person and not disclosed to any 
other person. 
(e) 
In deciding whether to grant clearance to trade in WA1’s securities, the Authorising 
Officer will consider the need to minimise the risk of Insider Trading, and also to avoid the 
appearance of Insider Trading and the significant reputational damage that may cause. 
(f) 
Any clearance to trade by the Authorising Officer under this clause 3.4 is not an 
endorsement to trade.  The WA1 Person doing the trading is individually responsible for 
their investment decisions and their compliance with insider trading laws.  The WA1 
Person must carefully consider whether they are in possession of any Inside Information 
that might preclude them from trading at that time. If the WA1 Person is in any doubt, 
they should not trade. 
(g) 
If an WA1 Person comes into possession of Inside Information after receiving a clearance 
to trade, they must not trade despite having received the clearance. 
3.5 
Company secretary to maintain records 
Company Secretary will maintain a copy of: 
(a) 
all requests for an approval to deal in WA1’s securities submitted by an WA1 Person; and 
(b) 
details of all dealings in WA1’s securities made by a WA1 Person. 
4 
Other restrictions 
4.1 
No speculative trading 
Under no circumstances should WA1 Persons engage in short-term or speculative trading in WA1 
securities.  This prohibition includes short term direct dealing in WA1 securities as well as 
transactions in the derivative markets, involving exchange traded options, share warrants, 
contracts for difference, and other similar instruments, which are short term or speculative.  
4.2 
No protection arrangements 
The entering into of all types of “protection arrangements” for any WA1 securities (or WA1 
products in the derivatives markets):  
For personal use only

 
 
WA1 Resources Ltd – Securities Trading Policy 
page | 5 
 
(a) 
is prohibited at any time in respect of any WA1 securities which are unvested or subject 
to a holding lock; and 
(b) 
otherwise, requires consent under clause 3.3.  
For the avoidance of doubt and without limiting the generality of this policy, entering into 
protection arrangements includes entering into transactions which: 
(a) 
amount to “short selling” of securities beyond the WA1 Person’s holding of securities; 
(c) 
operate to limit the economic risk of any WA1 Person’s security holding (e.g. hedging 
arrangements) including WA1’s securities held beneficially (for example, in trust or under 
an incentive plan) on that WA1 Person’s behalf; or 
(d) 
otherwise enable a WA1 Person to profit from a decrease in the market price of 
securities. 
4.3 
Provisions of security over WA1’s securities or entering into margin lending arrangements 
(a) 
WA1 Persons may not at any time, directly or indirectly, grant any form of security 
(whether by way of charge, mortgage, pledge or otherwise) over any WA1 securities 
which are unvested or subject to a holding lock, to secure any obligation of that WA1 
Person or any third party or enter into any margin lending arrangements involving WA1 
securities. 
(b) 
Unless clause 4.3(a) applies, WA1 Persons may, directly or indirectly, grant  security 
(whether by charge, mortgage, pledge or otherwise) over any of WA1’s securities, to 
secure any obligation of that WA1 Person or any third party or enter into any margin 
lending arrangements involving WA1 securities, with consent provided under clause 3.3. 
4.4 
Trading in outside companies 
WA1 Persons must not trade in the securities or financial products of outside companies where 
they are in possession of Inside Information of that outside company.  
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
WA1 Resources Ltd – Securities Trading Policy 
page | 6 
 
5 
Exemptions 
(a) 
WA1 Persons may at any time: 
(i) 
trade in WA1’s securities where the trading does not result in a change of 
beneficial interest in the securities; 
(ii) 
acquire securities under any director or employee security plan or through the 
exercise of options or performance rights under an option or performance rights 
plan or acquire, or agree to acquire, options or performance rights under an option 
or performance rights plan.  However, any dealing in those securities remains 
subject to this policy and the provisions of the Corporations Act; 
(iii) 
transfer WA1 securities already held into a self-managed superannuation fund or 
other saving scheme in which the restricted person is a beneficiary; 
(iv) 
acquire WA1’s ordinary shares by conversion of securities giving a right of 
conversion to WA1’s ordinary shares; 
(v) 
acquire WA1’s securities under a bonus issue made to all holders of securities of 
the same class; 
(vi) 
undertake to accept, or accept, a takeover offer or a disposal through a scheme of 
arrangement; 
(vii) 
invest in, or trade in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in the securities of WA1) where the assets of the fund or other scheme 
are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
(viii) 
acquire or agree to acquire rights, options or shares under a salary sacrifice plan;  
(ix) 
subscribe for securities offered under a disclosure document (e.g. a prospectus); 
(x) 
a disposal of WA1 securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their 
rights under a loan or security agreement; 
(xi) 
where a restricted person is a trustee, trade in the securities managed by that trust 
provided the restricted person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to 
trade during a prohibited period is taken by the other trustees or by the 
investment managers independently of the restricted person; and 
(xii) 
trade under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, such 
as, a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment 
plan or an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and 
structure of the offer has been approved by the Board.  This includes deciding 
whether or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required 
to provide for the take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro 
rata issue. 
(b) 
If an WA1 Person undertakes any of the actions described in paragraph (a), that WA1 
Person must advise the relevant Authorising Officer (as set out in clause 3.3(c)). 
For personal use only

 
 
WA1 Resources Ltd – Securities Trading Policy 
page | 7 
 
6 
ASX notifications 
(a) 
WA1 must notify ASX within 5 business days after any change to a director’s relevant 
interest in WA1’s securities or a related body corporate of WA1, including whether the 
change occurred inside a Blackout Period and, if so, whether prior written clearance was 
provided. 
(b) 
To enable WA1 to comply with the obligation set out in clause 6(a), a director must 
immediately (and no later than 3 business days after any relevant event) notify Company 
Secretary in writing of the requisite information for Company Secretary to make the 
necessary notifications to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) 
and ASX as required under the Corporations Act and ASX Listing Rules. 
(c) 
If WA1 makes a material change to this trading policy, the amended trading policy will be 
provided to the ASX for release to the market within 5 business days of the material 
changes taking effect. 
7 
General 
(a) 
A breach of this policy will be regarded as serious misconduct which may lead to 
disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal. 
(b) 
This policy will be made available on WA1’s website. 
(c) 
If you require any further information or assistance or are uncertain about the application 
of the law or this trading policy in any situation, please contact Company Secretary. 
8 
Review and changes to this policy 
(a) 
The Board will review this policy annually or as often as it considers necessary to check it 
is operating effectively and consider whether changes are required. 
(b) 
The Board may change this policy from time to time by resolution. 
For personal use only
