Level 12, 680 George St, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia 
Oﬃce: +61-2-8280 7355 
info@weebit-nano.com | www.weebit-nano.com 
 
Trading Policy 
11 October 2024 – In accordance with ASX Listing rule 12.10, please see attached the revised Weebit 
Nano Ltd (ASX: WBT, Weebit or Company), trading policy, effective 8 October 2024.  
ENDS 
Authorised for release by the Board of Weebit Nano Limited. 
For further information please contact:  
Investors 
Eric Kuret, Automic Markets 
 
P: +61 417 311 335 
E: eric.kuret@automicgroup.com.au  
Media – Australia 
Dylan Mark, Automic Markets 
P: +61 475 783 675
E: dylan.mark@automicgroup.com.au 
About Weebit Nano Limited 
Weebit Nano Ltd. is a leading developer and licensor of advanced semiconductor memory technology. The 
company’s ground-breaking Resistive RAM (ReRAM or RRAM) addresses the growing need for significantly 
higher performance and lower power memory solutions in a range of new electronic products such as Internet 
of Things (IoT) devices, smartphones, robotics, autonomous vehicles, 5G communications and artificial 
intelligence.  
Weebit ReRAM allows semiconductor memory elements to be significantly faster, less expensive, more reliable 
and more energy efficient than those using existing flash memory solutions. As it is based on fab-friendly 
materials, the technology can be quickly and easily integrated with existing flows and processes, without the 
need for special equipment or large investments.  
See www.weebit-nano.com or follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/weebit-nano. 
Weebit Nano and the Weebit Nano logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Weebit Nano Ltd. in the 
United States and other countries. Other company, product, and service names may be trademarks or service 
marks. 
For personal use only

1 
 
 
 
POLICY FOR TRADING IN COMPANY SECURITIES 
WEEBIT NANO LTD 
(“WEEBIT” OR THE "COMPANY") 
The board of directors of the Company has adopted this policy to regulate trading in the 
Company’s securities by directors, officers, certain employees and certain strategic contractors 
(Designated Persons). 
 
Table of contents 
1. 
WHAT ARE THE OBJECTIVES OF THIS POLICY? ..................................................................................... 2 
2. 
WHAT SECURITIES DOES THIS POLICY APPLY TO? ................................................................................ 2 
3. 
WHO DOES THIS POLICY APPLY TO?..................................................................................................... 2 
4. 
WHAT IS THE “INSIDER TRADING PROHIBITION” AT LAW? .................................................................. 3 
5. 
WHAT IS WEEBIT’S SECURITIES TRADING POLICY? .............................................................................. 5 
5.1 
Confidential Information ......................................................................................................... 5 
5.2 
Prohibited Periods .................................................................................................................. 6 
5.2.1 
Blackout Periods ....................................................................................................... 6 
5.2.2 
Additional Prohibited Periods .................................................................................... 6 
5.3 
Notice and checking ............................................................................................................... 7 
5.4 
Exceptional Circumstances when trading may be permitted subject to prior written 
clearance ................................................................................................................................ 7 
6. 
OTHER RESTRICTIONS .......................................................................................................................... 7 
7. 
PROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CLEARANCE PRIOR TO TRADING .......................................................... 8 
7.1 
Approver for directors and KMP ............................................................................................. 8 
7.2 
Approver for other Designated Persons ................................................................................. 8 
7.3 
Application form ...................................................................................................................... 9 
7.4 
Approval ................................................................................................................................. 9 
7.5 
Post-dealing notification ......................................................................................................... 9 
8. 
TRADING WHICH IS NOT SUBJECT TO THIS POLICY ............................................................................. 9 
For personal use only

2 
 
1. 
WHAT ARE THE OBJECTIVES OF THIS POLICY? 
The objectives of this policy are to: 
(a) 
satisfy rule 12.9 of the ASX Listing Rules and to ensure that the Company continues to adhere 
to high standards of corporate conduct and governance (Corporate Governance Principles and 
Recommendations); 
(b) 
facilitate compliance with the insider trading prohibitions contained in Part 7.10 of the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) by explaining the type of securities trading conduct that is 
prohibited; 
(c) 
establish when and under what circumstances Designated Persons may deal in the Company 
Securities, and to otherwise establish best practice procedures for dealing in Company 
Securities that provides protection to the Company and Designated Persons against 
inadvertently breaching the law; and 
(d) 
manage reputational risk associated with insider trading. 
2. 
WHAT SECURITIES DOES THIS POLICY APPLY TO? 
This policy covers trading in any securities in the Company, including the following (collectively 
referred to as ‘Company Securities’): 
• 
Ordinary or preference shares (including shares allocated or issued under any employee or 
executive incentive plans of Weebit); 
• 
Options, performance rights, restricted stock units or other share rights; 
• 
convertible notes, bonds and other debentures;  
• 
any hedging arrangement, financial instrument or derivative of Weebit ordinary shares; and 
• 
and other securities issued by the Company which are convertible into shares. 
3. 
WHO DOES THIS POLICY APPLY TO? 
This policy applies to: 
Who? 
Which parts? 
Everyone – Designated Persons and all other employees 
and strategic contractors of the Company or its subsidiaries, 
their family and associates. 
Insider Trading Prohibition and 
Confidential Information 
Designated Persons include: 
• 
all directors and officers of the Company or its 
subsidiaries; 
The whole Trading Policy (no 
trading during Prohibited Periods 
without approval, Insider Trading 
Prohibition and Confidential 
Information) 
For personal use only

3 
 
• 
key management personnel1 (“KMP”) of the 
Company or its subsidiaries; 
• 
the Israel office manager, all IT staff of Weebit; 
• 
each strategic contractor of the Company or its 
subsidiaries who has specifically agreed to be 
subject to these restrictions in relation to Inside 
Information; and 
• 
any other person designated by the Board of 
Directors. 
Connected Persons2 
Designated Persons must take 
reasonable steps, including 
notifying their Connected Persons 
of Blackout Periods, to prevent any 
Connected Persons from trading in 
Company Securities in any way 
that is prohibited under this policy  
4. 
WHAT IS THE “INSIDER TRADING PROHIBITION” AT LAW? 
Insider trading is the practice of dealing/trading in a company's securities by a person in possession of 
information not generally available, but if it were generally available would, or would be likely to 
influence a person's decision to transact in the company's securities. It may also include the passing on 
of this information to another or procuring another person to deal in the securities. Under the 
Corporations Act, if a person has Inside Information (as defined below) relating to a company it is 
illegal to: 
• 
deal in (that is, apply for, acquire or dispose of) the company’s securities or enter into an agreement 
to do so – no dealing; or 
• 
procure another person to apply for, acquire or dispose of the company’s securities or enter into an 
agreement to do so– no procuring; or 
• 
directly or indirectly communicate, or cause to be communicated, that information to any other 
person if you know, or ought reasonably to know, that the person would or would be likely to use 
the information to engage in the activities specified in paragraphs 1 or 2 above – no tipping. 
Options are included 
It is also illegal to apply for, grant, exercise or transfer an option over an entity’s securities if you have 
Inside Information about that entity. 
 
1 
“Key management personnel has the meaning given in AASB Standard 124 Related Party Disclosure, being those 
persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity, directly 
or indirectly, including any director (whether executive or otherwise) of the entity. 
2 
"Connected Persons" means a spouse or partner, child or step- child under 18 years, an unlisted body corporate 
which the Designated Person controls, a trust of which the Designated Person is a trustee and of which he or she or 
any of the persons referred to above is a beneficiary or any other person over whom the Designated Person has 
significant influence or control. 
For personal use only

4 
 
If a Designated Person has Inside Information and a Prohibited Period applies to them, the legal 
prohibitions and this Trading Policy still prevent the Designated Person from exercising options or 
rights granted under an employee incentive scheme inside a Prohibited Period. 
Other organisations’ securities 
It is also illegal to trade in the securities of other entities if you have inside information about those 
entities. This includes the securities of suppliers, contractors and customers of Weebit. 
Any capacity 
It does not matter how or in what capacity you become aware of the Inside Information.  It does not 
have to be obtained from the Company to constitute Inside Information. 
No giving “tips” 
You cannot avoid the Insider Trading Prohibition by arranging for a family member or friend to deal in 
securities, nor may you give “tips” concerning Inside Information to others. 
WARNING:  The Insider Trading Prohibition applies to everyone (not just Designated Persons 
and their Connected Persons) and applies at all times. 
"No dealing” is very broad 
Dealing in securities is a broad concept and covers taking part in any transaction associated with 
buying, selling, acquiring, disposing of, converting or agreeing to do any of these things. For 
example: 
• 
an off-market transfer of securities; 
• 
an exercise of options or performance rights over shares; 
• 
entering into a put option arrangement over shares; 
• 
accepting an offer or invitation to acquire shares, options or rights under a share purchase plan or 
employee share ownership plan; or 
• 
making an election to participate, or to cease participation, in a dividend reinvestment plan. 
What is Inside Information? 
“Inside Information” is information relating to a company which is not generally available but, if the 
information were generally available, would be likely to have a material effect on the price or value of 
that company’s securities.  Inside Information can include matters of speculation or supposition and 
matters relating to intentions or likely intentions of a person. 
Information is regarded as being likely to have a material effect if it would, or would be likely to, 
influence persons who commonly invest in securities or other traded financial products in deciding 
whether or not to deal in those securities. 
Examples of Inside Information could be: 
(a) 
the financial performance of a company against its budget; 
For personal use only

5 
 
(b) 
changes in the company’s actual or anticipated financial condition or business performance; 
(c) 
changes in the capital structure of the company, including proposals to raise additional equity 
or increase debt; 
(d) 
proposed changes in the nature of the business of the company; 
(e) 
changes to the board of directors or significant changes in key management personnel; 
(f) 
an undisclosed significant change in the company’s market share; 
(g) 
likely or actual entry into, or loss of, a material contract; 
(h) 
material acquisitions or sales of assets by the company; 
(i) 
a proposed dividend or other distribution or a change in dividend policy; or 
(j) 
a material claim against the company or other unexpected liability.  
Information will be ‘generally available’ if it has been released to ASX, published in an annual report 
or a prospectus, included in meeting materials despatched to shareholders or otherwise made known 
in a manner likely to bring it to the attention of investors, and since it was made known a reasonable 
period for the information to be disseminated among investors, has elapsed. Information will also be 
generally available if it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from 
‘generally available’ information. 
Consequences of insider trading 
As well as reputational damage for both you and the Company, a breach of the Insider Trading 
Prohibition, may subject you to serious legal consequences, including: 
(a) 
criminal penalties for a conviction include heavy fines and imprisonment;  
(b) 
civil liability – you can be sued by another party or the Company for loss they suffer as a 
result of your illegal trading; 
(c) 
civil penalty provisions – the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”) 
may seek civil penalties against you and may even seek a court order that you be disqualified 
from managing a corporation; and 
(d) 
disciplinary action including dismissal – if you breach the law, this policy, or both, we will 
regard it as serious misconduct which may lead to disciplinary action including your dismissal. 
5. 
WHAT IS WEEBIT’S SECURITIES TRADING POLICY? 
5.1 
Confidential Information 
A person must treat all sensitive, non-public information (“Confidential Information”) about 
the Company or its subsidiaries as confidential and belonging to the Company.  While 
Confidential Information is not always Inside Information, you should still take whatever steps 
are reasonably necessary to keep Confidential Information from being disclosed (except as 
authorised or legally required). This means: 
(a) 
you must avoid inadvertent or indirect disclosure of Confidential Information; 
For personal use only

6 
 
(b) 
you must be careful that your conversations are not overheard in elevators, aeroplanes 
or other public places; 
(c) 
even within the Company, Confidential Information should be distributed to or 
discussed with others only on a need-to-know basis, and those people must be told 
that the information is confidential; 
(d) 
you must not disclose Confidential Information to others (including family members, 
relatives, business or social acquaintances) except as authorised by the Company or 
legally required; and 
(e) 
you must not leave Confidential Information on conference tables, desks or otherwise 
unguarded. 
5.2 
Prohibited Periods  
Weebit has two types of Prohibited Periods: routine Blackout Periods and ad hoc Additional   
Prohibited Periods.  The Blackout Periods and the Additional Prohibited Periods are together 
referred to as a "Prohibited Period" in this policy. 
5.2.1 
Blackout Periods 
There are certain fixed periods when information about the financial position or 
performance of the Company is being finalised for release to ASX, during which 
dealing in Company Securities by the Designated Persons will generally be prohibited. 
The following Blackout Periods apply for the purposes of this policy: 
(a) 
from 1 July (each year) until one (1) business day after the release of the 
Company’s Annual Financial Report; 
(b) 
from 1 January (each year) until one (1) business day after the release 
of the Consolidated Interim Financial Report of the Company; 
(c) 
from 1 April (each year) until one (1) business day after the release of the 
Company’s Q3 quarterly report and from 1 October until one (1) business day 
after the release of the Company’s Q1 quarterly report; and 
(d) 
from 2 (two) weeks (each year) before, until the next business day after the 
holding of any general meeting of shareholders. 
5.2.2 
Additional Prohibited Periods 
In addition to the Blackout Periods and the prohibitions on insider trading set out in the 
Corporations Act, the Company requires that the Designated Persons must not trade in 
the Company Securities within any period imposed by the Company from time to time, 
because the Company is considering matters that would require disclosure to the 
market but for Listing Rule 3.1A (usually because the matter is incomplete and 
confidential) ("Additional Prohibited Period"). 
Please note that even if it is outside of a Prohibited Period, the Designated Persons 
must not trade in the Company Securities if they are in possession of Inside 
Information. No approval from the Company can protect you from the law where you 
deal, procure or tip while you actually have Inside Information. 
For personal use only

7 
 
5.3 
Notice and checking 
The Blackout Periods and any Additional Prohibited Periods will be notified by the Company 
via email to the Designated Persons. Designated Persons should also check with their 
manager, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or the Company Secretary, to 
confirm that dealing/trading in Company Securities is permissible before contemplating trading 
in securities. The trading windows will generally be open other than the Blackout Periods but 
you need to check in case an Additional Prohibited Period applies. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this document, each director and KMP is required 
to obtain prior written clearance by the Board of Directors in accordance with the procedure 
described below before dealing or trading in the Company Securities, even if the proposed 
transaction is outside of a Prohibited Period.  
5.4 
Exceptional Circumstances when trading may be permitted subject to prior 
written clearance 
A Designated Person may trade in the Company Securities inside a Prohibited Period, subject 
to obtaining prior written clearance in accordance with the procedure described in section 7 
below, in the following exceptional circumstances:  
(a) 
if the person granting the prior written clearance in accordance with this policy is 
satisfied that the person seeking the clearance does not possess unpublished price 
sensitive information about the Company and the person seeking clearance is in 
severe financial hardship; 
(b) 
if the person granting the prior written clearance in accordance with this policy is 
satisfied that the person seeking the clearance does not possess unpublished price 
sensitive information about the Company and there are other circumstances deemed to 
be exceptional by the person granting the prior written clearance; or 
(c) 
where trading is required for compliance with a court order or court enforceable 
undertakings or for some other legal or regulatory requirement. 
6. 
OTHER RESTRICTIONS 
(a) 
no margin lending or other secured financing arrangements 
Designated Persons are not permitted to enter into margin lending or other secured financing 
arrangements in relation to Company Securities. The grounds for this include that the terms 
may require Company Securities to be sold during a Prohibited Period or when the Designated 
Person possesses Inside Information. 
Designated Persons should consult with the Chief Executive Officer if they are uncertain as to 
whether an arrangement is prohibited under this policy. 
(b) 
no short term or speculative trading 
Designated Persons must not engage in short term or speculative trading in Company 
Securities or in derivative or other financial products issued over or in respect of Company 
Securities. Short term means in less than a 6 month period. This does not apply to selling 
shares shortly after exercising options or rights issued to the Designated Person by the 
Company. 
For personal use only

8 
 
(c) 
no short selling or misleading trading 
Designated Persons must not engage in short selling (being the selling by a Designated 
Person of financial products they do not own with a view to repurchasing them later at a lower 
price) of Company Securities. 
In addition to the Insider Trading Prohibition, the Corporations Act contains prohibitions against 
any persons taking part in any trading that is likely to create or maintain an artificial price for 
securities or create a false or misleading appearance of active trading. 
(d) 
no hedging 
Subject to the law, Designated Persons and their closely related parties (as defined in the 
Corporations Act) must not: 
(i) 
enter into transactions or arrangements with anyone which could have the effect of 
limiting the exposure of the member to risk relating to an element of the member’s 
remuneration that: 
• 
has not vested in the member; or 
• 
has vested in the member but remains subject to a holding lock; or 
(ii) 
deal in financial products over or in respect of Company Securities, except for the type 
of dealing permitted by law or under this policy. 
7. 
PROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CLEARANCE PRIOR TO TRADING 
7.1 
Approver for directors and KMP 
Any director or KMP must not trade in the Company Securities, including in the exceptional 
circumstances referred to above unless the director or KMP obtains prior written approval by 
the Board of Directors of the Company.  This is the case even if the proposed transaction is 
outside of a Prohibited Period. The usual rules of the Board of Directors for recusal by 
directors from matters in which they have a material personal interest apply. 
7.2 
Approver for other Designated Persons 
A Designated Person who is not a director or KMP does not need approval to trade in 
Company Securities outside of Prohibited Periods. A Designated Person, other than a director 
or KMP, must not trade in the Company Securities during a Prohibited Period, including in the 
exceptional circumstances referred to above, unless the other Designated Person obtains prior 
written clearance from the Chief Executive Officer or in his absence, the Chief Financial Officer 
or Company Secretary (each, an “Approving Officer”). 
The Approving Officer should be in a position to know if Weebit is: 
(a) 
about to release a periodic financial report or other financial data that might come as a 
surprise to the market; 
(b) 
about the make an announcement of market sensitive information under Listing Rule 
3.1; or 
(c) 
considering a matter subject to Listing Rule 3.1A; 
For personal use only

9 
 
and have a good understanding of the laws governing insider trading or be able to seek advice 
on that matter. 
7.3 
Application form 
A request for prior clearance under this policy should be made in writing using the form 
attached to this policy entitled ‘Request for Prior Written Clearance to Trade in Company 
Securities’ and given to the Board/Approving Officer.  The request may be submitted by email. 
7.4 
Approval  
Any clearance granted under this policy may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed by the 
Company and will be valid for the period of not longer than 10 business days from the time 
which it is given or such other period as may be determined by the Approving Officer or the 
Board of Directors in the case of a director or KMP. The expiry time of the clearance will be 
stated in the clearance granted. Written clearance under this policy may be given by email. 
Should the intended dealing in Weebit’s securities not take effect within the clearance period 
then the permission to trade must be refreshed.  
Any clearance to trade can be granted or refused by Weebit in its discretion, without giving any 
reasons. A written clearance to trade can be withdrawn if new information comes to light or 
there is a change in circumstances. If a written clearance to trade is refused, the person 
seeking the clearance must keep that information confidential and not disclose it to anyone.  
Weebit’s decision to refuse a written clearance is final and binding on the person seeking the 
clearance.  
7.5 
Post-dealing notification  
In addition to receiving written clearance, a Designated Person must confirm in writing to the 
relevant Approving Officer or the Board of Directors in the case of a director or KMP, within 1 
business day from when the dealing in Company Securities has occurred, the number of 
Company Securities affected and the relevant parties to the dealing. 
8. 
TRADING WHICH IS NOT SUBJECT TO THIS POLICY 
The following trading by the Designated Persons is excluded from this Policy: 
(a) 
transfers of securities already held into a superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which 
the Designated Person is a beneficiary; 
(b) 
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only 
investing in the Company Securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are 
invested at the discretion of a third party; 
(c) 
where the Designated Person is a trustee, trading in the Company Securities by that trust 
provided the Designated Persons is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade 
during a Prohibited Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers 
independently of the Designated Person; 
(d) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
(e) 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders such as, a rights 
issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and an equal 
access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of the offer has been 
For personal use only

10 
 
approved by the Board. This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the 
entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of 
entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
(f) 
a disposal of securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their rights, for 
example, however, this does not extend to disposal under a margin lending agreement if the 
agreement is prohibited by this policy; 
(g) 
the exercise (but not the sale of securities following exercise) of an option or right under an 
employee incentive scheme, or the conversion of a convertible security, where the final date 
for the exercise of the option or right, or the conversion of the security, falls during a Prohibited 
Period and the Company has been in an exceptionally long Prohibited Period or the Company 
has had a number of consecutive Prohibited Periods and the Designated Person could not 
reasonably have been expected to exercise it at a time when free to do so. 
Please note that even if that trading is excluded from this Policy, Designated Persons must not 
trade in the Company Securities if they are in possession of Inside Information because the 
Insider Trading Prohibitions may apply. 
 
For personal use only

11 
 
Notification 
Appendix 3Y disclosures 
The form of notification of a change in a director’s interests that must be given to ASX under Listing 
Rule 3.19A.2 (Appendix 3Y) requires the following information to be included: 
• 
whether the interests the subject of the notification were traded during a Blackout Period where 
prior written clearance under the trading policy was required; 
• 
if so, whether prior written clearance was obtained; and 
• 
if prior written clearance was obtained, the date on which it was provided. 
It should be noted that the obligation to include this information in an Appendix 3Y applies only to 
trading that occurs during a Blackout Period and not to trading during any Additional Prohibited 
Period that an entity has imposed on an ad hoc basis because it is considering a matter subject to 
Listing Rule 3.1A. This is so that an entity does not have to disclose to the market that it has imposed 
such a prohibition, which would signal the fact that it is considering a potentially market sensitive 
matter. 
Directors must disclose details of changes in securities of the Company they hold (directly or 
indirectly) to the Company Secretary as soon as reasonably possible after the date of the contract to 
buy and sell the securities ("Contract Date") but in any event: 
1. 
no later than 1 business day after the Contract Date; or 
2. 
if they begin to have or cease to have a substantial shareholding or there is a change 
in their substantial holding, the business day after the Contract Date. 
Directors are referred to the Company's Director's Disclosure Obligations document and Director's 
Declaration of Interest Form. The Company Secretary is to maintain a register of notifications and 
clearances given in relation to trading in the Company Securities. 
The Director must notify the Company no later than 1 business day after any change in their director's 
interest and are reminded that it is their obligation under section 205G of the Corporations Act to 
notify the market operator within 14 days after any change in a director's interest. 
This policy does not contain an exhaustive analysis of the restrictions imposed on, and the very 
serious legal ramifications of, insider trading. Any Designated Person who wishes to obtain further 
advice in this matter, is encouraged to contact the Company Secretary. 
This policy also applies to the Company's related entities. 
ASX Listing Rule Requirements 
It is a requirement for admission to the official list of ASX, and an on-going requirement for listing, 
that the Company has a policy for trading in company securities. 
The Company will give a copy of this policy to ASX for release to the market. The Company will also 
give any amended version of this policy to ASX when it makes a change to: the periods within which 
the Designated Persons are prohibited from trading in the Company Securities; the trading that is 
excluded from the operation of the policy; or the exceptional circumstances in which the Designated 
Persons may be permitted to trade during a Prohibited Period, within five business days of the 
For personal use only

12 
 
amendments taking effect (under ASX Listing Rule 12.10). The Company will also give this policy to 
ASX immediately on request by ASX. 
Disclosure on Company’s website 
The Company will provide a copy of the Securities Trading Policy to investors via its website. 
REVIEW AND AMENDMENT OF POLICY 
The policy will be reviewed regularly. This policy cannot be amended without the approval of the Board 
of Weebit Nano Limited. The Board may amend this policy at any time and in any manner, subject to 
complying with any requirements of the Corporations Act and the ASX Listing Rules which may apply 
in relation to the amendment.  If any Designated Person is in doubt regarding proposed dealing in 
Securities and whether any potential transaction is contrary to the law, the rules and regulations of the 
ASX, or the Securities Trading Policy, should contact the Company Secretary or the Chief Executive 
Officer.
For personal use only

13 
 
REQUEST FOR PRIOR WRITTEN CLEARANCE TO TRADE IN COMPANY 
SECURITIES 
 
WEEBIT NANO LIMITED (“WEEBIT” OR THE "COMPANY") 
 
I, a director / an officer / an employee / a strategic contractor / [specify other Designated Persons] 
(delete as appropriate) of the Company, request prior written clearance to trade in securities of the 
Company in accordance with the terms of the Company's Policy for Trading in Company Securities 
and provide the following information: 
 
 
1. 
Details of securities 
 
Nature of dealing: 
Number of securities: 
  
 
Class of securities: 
  
 
Number of registered holder: 
  
 
 
2. 
Reason for request 
 
Request to trade in exceptional circumstances 
 
Please provide complete details of the circumstances which you wish to be considered as 
exceptional 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I confirm that I have read and understood the Company’s Policy for Trading in Company Securities 
and that the proposed dealing does not breach that policy or any legal obligations referred to in it, 
and in particular, that I am not in possession of any Inside Information in relation to the Company 
 
.
For personal use only

14 
 
I acknowledge that in accordance with the Company's Policy for Trading in Company Securities, I 
cannot trade in the Company's Securities until clearance is given and I understand that any 
clearance given will be valid only for the period stated in the clearance. 
 
 
 
 
Signed: ……………………………….. 
 
 
 
 
Name: ………………………………………………… Date: ………………………………….. 
 
 
OFFICE USE – Clearance to be completed by Approving Officer/Board of Directors 
 
Clearance given by: 
.......................................... 
................................................ 
......................... 
Name of Approving Officer/ 
Board of Directors 
Signature of Approving 
Officer/Chairperson of the board 
(another director where the 
applicant is the chairperson)  
Date 
Clearance valid for: 
□ 10 business days from the date of clearance (default period) 
 
□            business days for the date of clearance 
 
 
 
Reason for clearance being denied: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Clearance declined by: 
 
 
 
.......................................... 
................................................ 
......................... 
Name of Approving Officer/ 
Board of Directors 
Signature of Approving 
Officer/Chairperson/other director 
Date 
 
For personal use only
