Page 1 of 1 
Announcement 
 
Wednesday, 11 December 2024 
 
 
 
Woodside Energy Group Ltd. 
ACN 004 898 962 
Mia Yellagonga 
11 Mount Street 
Perth WA 6000 
Australia 
T +61 8 9348 4000 
www.woodside.com 
 
ASX: WDS 
NYSE: WDS 
 
REVISED SECURITIES DEALING POLICY 
 
Woodside Energy Group Ltd advises that it has amended its Securities Dealing Policy (Policy) with effect 
from 4 December 2024. 
 
A copy of the revised Policy is attached for release to the market. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INVESTORS 
Marcela Louzada 
M: +61 456 994 243 
E: investor@woodside.com 
MEDIA 
Christine Forster 
M: +61 484 112 469  
E: christine.forster@woodside.com 
 
 
This announcement was approved and authorised for release by Woodside’s Disclosure Committee. 
 
For personal use only

 
ID: 1552498 
 
Page 1 of 10
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
 
Contents 
1 
OVERVIEW ........................................................................................................... 1 
2 
PROHIBITION ON INSIDER TRADING ............................................................... 2 
3 
PROHIBITION AGAINST SHORT TERM OR SPECULATIVE DEALING ........... 5 
4 
PROHIBITION AGAINST DEALING DURING BLACK-OUT PERIODS .............. 5 
5 
PROHIBITION AGAINST HEDGING UNVESTED ENTITLEMENTS ................... 7 
6 
PERMITTED DEALINGS ...................................................................................... 7 
7 
EXCLUDED DEALINGS ....................................................................................... 9 
8 
PLEDGING SECURITIES ................................................................................... 10 
9 
CONSEQUENCES OF BREACH ....................................................................... 10 
10 
APPLICABILITY ................................................................................................. 10 
1 
 OVERVIEW 
1.1 
Purpose of this Policy 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
• 
provide a brief and high level summary of the law on insider trading; 
• 
set out the restrictions on dealing in securities by people who work for or are associated with 
Woodside; and 
• 
assist in maintaining market confidence in the integrity of dealings in Woodside securities. 
If you do not understand any part of this Policy or how it applies to you, you should discuss the 
matter with a member of the Woodside Legal function before dealing in any securities. 
Contravention of this Policy will be regarded as a serious matter by Woodside and may also give 
rise to criminal or civil actions. 
1.2 
Who is covered by this Policy? 
This Policy applies to: 
• 
executive and non-executive directors; 
• 
officers and full-time, part-time and casual employees; and 
• 
contractors, consultants, secondees and advisers, 
of Woodside and Woodside group companies. 
For the purpose of this Policy, “directors” mean the directors of Woodside Energy Group Ltd, 
including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). 
There are certain policy provisions that apply to restricted employees. For the purpose of this 
Policy, “restricted employees” means: 
• 
direct reports to the CEO, which includes all executive key management personnel; 
For personal use only

Title: Securities Dealing Policy 
ID: 1552498 
 
Page 2 of 10
 
• 
the Woodside Energy Group Ltd Company Secretary/ies; and 
• 
employees nominated by the Group General Counsel because their duties, project work or 
work on a transaction is considered to involve access to insider information.  
The Group General Counsel maintains a list of restricted employees. 
1.3 
What securities are covered by this Policy? 
This Policy applies to the following securities: 
• 
Woodside shares; 
• 
any other securities which may be issued by Woodside, such as options;  
• 
derivatives (such as exchange-traded options and warrants) and other financial products issued 
by third parties in relation to Woodside shares, debentures and options; and 
• 
securities of any other company or entity that may be affected by inside information (such as a 
Woodside joint venture participant, another party involved in a corporate transaction with 
Woodside or a Woodside contractor or shareholder). 
This Policy extends to all securities owned or controlled by a person covered by the Policy, whether 
those securities are held in the name of that person, in a company, through a trust, by a family 
member, by a friend or in some other entity or arrangement. Persons covered by this Policy must 
inform their brokers or financial advisers who have discretion to trade on their behalf that they are 
restricted from trading securities under this Policy. (Directors and restricted employees should also 
note the requirements of Section 6.2 in respect of dealings by family members and other entities). 
1.4 
Policy Statements 
This Policy: 
• 
prohibits insider trading in Woodside securities and securities of any other company (Section 2); 
• 
prohibits dealing when the dealing would not satisfy the Front Page Test (Section 2); 
• 
prohibits short-term or speculative dealing in Woodside securities (Section 3); 
• 
prohibits directors and restricted employees from dealing in Woodside securities within a black-
out period or other prohibited periods (Section 4); 
• 
prohibits directors and executives participating in an equity-based executive incentive plan from 
hedging the value of any unvested or restricted entitlement to Woodside securities or 
transacting in Woodside based derivative securities (Section 5); 
• 
requires directors and restricted employees to complete Compliance Certificates and, in the 
case of directors, to obtain approval before dealing in Woodside securities (Section 6); 
• 
excludes certain types of dealings from the operation of this Policy (Section 7); and 
• 
prohibits directors and certain executives pledging Woodside securities (Section 8). 
Woodside will take a substance over form approach and will have regard to the intent and spirit of 
this Policy when applying and enforcing it. 
2 
PROHIBITION ON INSIDER TRADING 
2.1 
Insider trading prohibition 
Insider trading is a serious offence under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) in Australia and the US 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
If you have inside information, you must not: 
• 
deal in securities;  
For personal use only

Title: Securities Dealing Policy 
ID: 1552498 
 
Page 3 of 10
 
• 
advise, procure or encourage another person (such as a family member, friend, associate, 
colleague, broker, financial planner, investment adviser, family company or family trust) to 
trade in securities; or 
• 
communicate the inside information to anyone else. 
This prohibition is an overriding obligation and applies despite anything else in this Policy (including 
whether the dealing or communication of inside information occurs outside a black-out period) and 
regardless of how you learned the inside information. It applies to the securities of other companies 
in addition to Woodside securities.   
Insider trading is a criminal offence in Australia and the US and may attract substantial fines and/or 
significant periods of imprisonment. Significant civil penalties may also be imposed in Australia and 
the US. The offender may also be ordered to pay compensation to anyone who suffered loss as a 
result of the insider trading. 
Definitions of “dealing in securities” and “inside information” are set out in Sections 2.3 and 2.4 
below. Communicating inside information includes passing it on to another person, such as a family 
member, friend, associate, colleague, broker, financial planner, investment adviser, family 
company or family trust. 
2.2 
The Front Page Test 
It is important that public confidence in Woodside is maintained. It would be damaging to 
Woodside’s reputation if the market or the general public perceived that people covered by this 
Policy might be taking advantage of their position in Woodside to make financial gains.  
Similarly, if securities transactions become the subject of scrutiny, they will be viewed by regulators 
after-the-fact and with the benefit of hindsight. Therefore, before engaging in any securities dealing, 
you should consider carefully how regulators might view your dealing in hindsight and with all of 
the facts disclosed.  
As a guiding principle, before engaging in any dealing, you should ask yourself: 
If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to be taking 
advantage of my position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the transaction was 
reported on the front page of the newspaper (Front Page Test)? 
You must not deal in Woodside securities if the transaction would not satisfy the Front Page Test. 
If you are unsure, you should consult with your direct manager or the Group General Counsel. 
If any clearance, approval or acknowledgment is required for a dealing under this Policy, the 
clearance, approval or acknowledgement will not be granted if the dealing would not satisfy the 
Front Page Test. 
2.3 
What is dealing? 
For the purposes of this Policy, dealing in securities is broadly defined and includes any transaction 
or change affecting title to, or interest in, securities, such as: 
• 
trading in securities (i.e. subscribing for, buying, selling or entering into an agreement to do any 
of those things);  
• 
electing to receive securities, or varying an existing election (including an election to participate 
in a dividend reinvestment plan or equity incentive plan and any variations to that participation);  
• 
granting, accepting, acquiring, disposing, exercising or discharging any option;  
• 
using as security or otherwise granting a charge or encumbrance over securities;  
• 
any transaction, or the exercise of any power or discretion, effecting a change of ownership of 
a beneficial interest; and 
• 
any other right or obligation, present or future, conditional or unconditional, to acquire or 
dispose of securities. 
For personal use only

Title: Securities Dealing Policy 
ID: 1552498 
 
Page 4 of 10
 
The purpose or motive for the dealing is not relevant.  
2.4 
What is inside information? 
Inside information is information that: 
• 
is not generally available to people who commonly invest in securities (i.e. it has not been 
made public); and 
• 
if it were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect 
(upward or downward) on the price or value of a security. 
It is irrelevant how you learn the inside information (i.e. whether information is obtained in the 
course of carrying out your responsibilities, in passing in the corridor, in the lift or at a social 
occasion). 
The financial impact of the information is important, but strategic and other implications can be 
equally important in determining what amounts to inside information. The definition of "inside 
information" is broad enough to include rumours, matters of supposition, intentions of a person 
(including Woodside) and information which is not definite enough to warrant public disclosure. 
2.5 
What are some examples of inside information? 
The following list is illustrative only. Inside information about Woodside could include: 
• 
information relating to Woodside's production, reserves and/or financial results; 
• 
a possible material sale or acquisition of assets by Woodside; 
• 
entry into or termination of a material contract; 
• 
a possible change in Woodside's capital structure (for example, a share issue, capital reduction 
or a buy-back of shares); 
• 
entry into a major borrowing; 
• 
an event which could have a material impact (either positively or negatively) on profits (for 
example, an operational incident or successful drilling exploration results); 
• 
any possible claim against Woodside or other unexpected liability; and 
• 
any information required to be disclosed to the stock exchanges under the continuous 
disclosure rules. 
2.6 
Securities of other companies 
You may obtain inside information in relation to another company in the course of your duties as 
an employee, director, adviser, consultant, contractor or secondee of Woodside or a Woodside 
group company. For example: 
• 
in the course of negotiating a transaction with Woodside, another company might provide 
confidential information about itself or a third party; or 
• 
information concerning a proposed transaction or other action by Woodside might have a 
material effect on a third party. 
The prohibition on insider trading is not restricted to information affecting Woodside securities. 
Accordingly, if you possess inside information in relation to securities of another company or entity, 
you must not deal in those securities no matter how you came into possession of the inside 
information. 
2.7 
What about participation in employee share plans? 
This Policy does not restrict participation in Woodside employee share and equity incentive plans 
but does apply in respect of any subsequent dealing in Woodside securities to which you become 
entitled under those plans. 
For personal use only

Title: Securities Dealing Policy 
ID: 1552498 
 
Page 5 of 10
 
There are additional requirements that apply to restricted employees in respect of the operation of 
Woodside employee share and equity incentive plans during a black-out period (Section 4.4). 
2.8 
Do I have any other obligations to Woodside with respect to information? 
In addition to the insider trading and other restrictions in this Policy, you owe a duty of confidentiality 
to Woodside and the Woodside group of companies. You must not:  
• 
reveal any confidential information concerning Woodside or any Woodside group company;  
• 
use that information in any way which may injure or cause loss to Woodside or any Woodside 
group company; or  
• 
use that information to gain an advantage for yourself. 
A breach of these duties may result in: 
• 
liability for a civil penalty; 
• 
criminal liability if recklessness or dishonesty is involved; and/or 
• 
liability to compensate Woodside for any damage it suffers as a result of the disclosure. 
3 
PROHIBITION AGAINST SHORT TERM OR SPECULATIVE 
DEALING 
3.1 
Short term or speculative dealing  
Speculating in short-term fluctuations in Woodside’s securities does not promote shareholder or 
market confidence.   
It is Woodside’s policy that you must not engage, directly or indirectly, in short-term or speculative 
dealing (including short-selling) in Woodside securities. Short-selling involves borrowing and selling 
securities in the hope that they can be bought back at a lower price in the future to close out the 
short position at a profit. 
If you acquire Woodside securities, you must not dispose of those securities or enter into 
arrangements (such as margin loans) which could result in those securities being disposed of within 
three months of acquisition. 
Sale of securities acquired under Woodside’s employee share and equity incentive plans is not 
considered to be a short term or speculative dealing. 
4 
PROHIBITION AGAINST DEALING DURING BLACK-OUT 
PERIODS 
4.1 
Dealing during black-out periods 
There are certain periods during the year, during which directors and restricted employees should 
not deal in Woodside securities given the heightened risk of actual or perceived insider trading. 
These periods are called “black-out periods”. 
Directors and restricted employees are prohibited from dealing in Woodside securities during a 
black-out period (as defined in Section 4.2 below). 
The black-out period trading prohibition applies in addition to other obligations of directors and 
restricted employees prescribed by this Policy (for example, the dealing restrictions in Section 6.2 
which apply to directors and restricted employees). 
4.2 
When are the black-out periods? 
Black-out periods occur each year during: 
For personal use only

Title: Securities Dealing Policy 
ID: 1552498 
 
Page 6 of 10
 
• 
the period between the end of Woodside’s financial year (31 December) and the day following 
the announcement or public disclosure of Woodside’s full year results; and 
• 
the period between the end of Woodside’s half year (30 June) and the day following 
announcement or public disclosure of Woodside’s half year results.  
The CEO may declare other black-out periods from time to time. 
4.3 
Exceptional circumstances 
Subject to satisfying applicable legal and regulatory requirements, a director or restricted employee 
who is not in possession of inside information may be given clearance to dispose of (but not 
acquire) Woodside securities where they would otherwise be restricted by this Policy if:  
• 
they are in severe financial difficulty;  
• 
the disposal is required under a court order; or  
• 
there are other exceptional circumstances as determined by the Board.  
A person may be in severe financial difficulty if they have a pressing financial commitment that 
cannot be satisfied other than by selling Woodside securities. Severe financial difficulty would not 
normally include a liability to pay tax unless the person has no other means of satisfying the liability.  
An application for clearance should be made in writing to the Group Company Secretary, who will 
consult with management as appropriate and seek approval from: 
• 
the Chair of the Board in the case of directors, or  
• 
from the CEO in the case of the Chair, or  
• 
from the Group General Counsel in the case of restricted employees.  
The person providing clearance must not be dealing or intending to deal in securities at the same 
time. If so, they must delegate to another member of the Board or Disclosure Committee, as the 
case may be. 
If written clearance is provided, it will specify the period for which it is valid. Unless otherwise 
specified in the clearance, any dealing permitted under this Section 4.3 must comply with the other 
sections of this Policy (to the extent applicable). 
Clearance provided under this Section 4.3 is not an endorsement of the dealing. Directors and 
restricted employees are responsible for their own compliance with insider trading laws. 
4.4 
Participation in employee share plans 
In general, black-out periods do not restrict participation in Woodside employee share and equity 
incentive plans, but do apply in respect of any dealing in Woodside securities to which you become 
entitled under those plans.  
Directors must not engage in any active dealing (including elections and the exercise of rights or 
discretion under an employee share plan) during a black-out period. 
Any elections required to be made, or rights to be exercised at the discretion of a restricted 
employee, under the terms of a Woodside employee share or equity incentive plan may not be 
made or exercised during a black-out period without the prior approval of the Group General 
Counsel and are subject to satisfying applicable legal and regulatory requirements.  
The requirement to seek prior approval or acknowledgement under Section 6.2 does not apply to 
any actions required to accept an invitation to participate in a Woodside employee share or equity 
incentive plan during a designated offer acceptance window. 
For personal use only

Title: Securities Dealing Policy 
ID: 1552498 
 
Page 7 of 10
 
5 
PROHIBITION AGAINST HEDGING UNVESTED ENTITLEMENTS 
5.1 
Hedging unvested entitlements and other transactions involving Woodside 
derivative securities 
Entitlements under Woodside’s equity-based incentive plans are subject to the satisfaction of 
various time and/or performance hurdles to ensure alignment of employee rewards with 
Woodside’s objectives and performance. Transactions which “hedge” the value of entitlements 
could distort the proper functioning of these hurdles and reduce the intended alignment with 
shareholder interests.  
Directors, executive key management personnel and other executives participating in an equity-
based executive incentive plan, are prohibited from entering into any transaction which would have 
the effect of hedging, or otherwise transferring to any other person the risk of any fluctuation in the 
value of, any unvested entitlement in Woodside securities or vested Woodside securities that 
remain subject to a holding lock or similar restriction under a Woodside equity incentive plan. 
Transactions involving derivative securities, whether entered into for hedging purposes or not, may 
also create the appearance of impropriety in the event of any unusual activity in the underlying 
equity security. Transactions involving Woodside-based derivative securities by directors, 
executive key management personnel and other executives participating in an equity-based 
executive incentive plan, are also prohibited.   
“Derivative securities” are options, warrants, stock appreciation rights, convertible notes or similar 
rights whose value is derived from the value of an equity security. Transactions in derivative 
securities include, but are not limited to:  
• 
trading in Woodside-based option contracts;  
• 
transactions in straddles or collars; and/or  
• 
writing puts or calls.  
Debt transactions that may be converted into Woodside shares are also prohibited by this Policy. 
However, this prohibition does not restrict holding, exercising or settling awards such as options, 
restricted stock, restricted stock units or other derivative securities granted under Woodside 
employee share and equity incentive plans as described in more detail under Section 4.4. 
6 
PERMITTED DEALINGS 
6.1 
Dealing by employees 
Subject to the rules of any applicable Woodside equity-based plan, if you are not a director or 
restricted employee (refer to Section 1.2): 
• 
you can deal in Woodside securities at any time provided you do not have inside information, 
the proposed dealing would pass the Front Page Test and you are not involved in short term or 
speculative dealing; 
• 
you should review this Policy prior to dealing; and 
• 
you are not required to notify Woodside if you intend to deal in Woodside securities or after you 
have dealt in such securities. 
6.2 
Dealing by directors and restricted employees 
If you are a director or restricted employee of Woodside, and you are not otherwise prohibited by 
this Policy or your minimum shareholding requirements from dealing in Woodside securities, you 
must comply with the following before dealing in Woodside securities: 
• 
in the case of directors:  
For personal use only

Title: Securities Dealing Policy 
ID: 1552498 
 
Page 8 of 10
 
o you must submit a written or emailed request for approval of the proposed dealing to 
the Group Company Secretary together with a completed Compliance Certificate. The 
Group Company Secretary will consult with the Disclosure Committee or the Chair of 
the Disclosure Committee as appropriate and seek approval from the Chair of the Board 
(or in the case of the Chair, from the CEO) and from the Chair of the Audit & Risk 
Committee. The persons providing the sign-off and approval must not be dealing or 
intending to deal in securities at the same time. If so, they must delegate to another 
member of the Disclosure Committee or Board, as the case may be. A response would 
normally be expected within 24 hours;  
o you must not engage in the proposed dealing until written or emailed approval has been 
given. Any such approval will be valid for 7 days from the date it is given, meaning the 
relevant dealing can only occur during that period (subject to the other requirements of 
this Policy);   
o you must immediately provide to the Group Company Secretary sufficient details of any 
dealing that is completed, ideally by close of business on the day the trade is entered 
into, to enable notice of the dealing to be filed within 5 business days in accordance with 
the ASX Listing Rules; and  
• 
in the case of restricted employees:  
o you must submit a completed Compliance Certificate in respect of the dealing to your 
direct manager and then to the Group General Counsel for acknowledgement;  
o the relevant dealing can only occur within the 7 days from the date of acknowledgement 
of the Compliance Certificate by the Group General Counsel (subject to the other 
requirements of this Policy continuing to be met, including not being in possession of 
inside information at the time of dealing);  
o you must provide the Group General Counsel with confirmation of any dealing that 
occurs, ideally by close of business of the day the trade is entered into.  
These requirements also apply to dealings in financial products issued by third parties in relation 
to Woodside securities which operate to limit the economic risk of a vested holding in Woodside 
securities.  
The form of Compliance Certificate is available on the Woodside intranet or from the Group 
Company Secretary or Group General Counsel.  
Receipt or acknowledgment of the Compliance Certificate by Woodside, or approval of a proposed 
dealing, is intended as a compliance monitoring function only and is not an endorsement of the 
proposed dealing. Individuals remain responsible for their own investment decisions and their 
compliance with the law and this Policy.   
6.3 
Dealing by people connected with directors and restricted employees 
Directors and restricted employees should follow the requirements outlined in Section 6.2 if they 
are aware that their spouse, partner, child or other immediate family member, or trust or other entity 
controlled by the director or restricted employee (or an investment adviser on behalf of the director 
or restricted employee or any of the above persons or entities), intends to deal in Woodside 
securities. They should take all reasonable steps to prevent the trade occurring until the 
Compliance Certificate has been acknowledged and, in the case of directors, approval to deal has 
been received.  
6.4 
Clearance and approvals 
If clearance is sought under Section 4.3 or approval or acknowledgement is sought under Sections 
6.2 or 8.1, the person seeking clearance, approval or acknowledgement must provide any details 
about the dealing that Woodside asks for. Further, the person from whom approval or 
acknowledgement is sought has discretion to:  
• 
impose conditions;  
• 
revoke their clearance, approval or acknowledgement; 
For personal use only

Title: Securities Dealing Policy 
ID: 1552498 
 
Page 9 of 10
 
• 
refuse to grant clearance or approval, or state that an acknowledgment will not be given,  
and the person is not obliged to provide reasons. If clearance or approval is refused or 
acknowledgement is not provided, that fact must be kept confidential. 
If you come into possession of inside information after receiving clearance, approval or 
acknowledgment, you must not deal despite having received the clearance, approval or 
acknowledgment. 
6.5 
Dealing under Non-Executive Directors Share Plan 
Non-executive directors who participate in the Non-Executive Directors Share Plan (NEDSP) are 
not prohibited from dealing in Woodside securities in accordance with the terms of the NEDSP. 
Under the NEDSP: 
• 
The director must be invited by the Board (or by the Chair on behalf of the Board) to participate 
in the NEDSP.   
• 
To accept the invitation to participate in the NEDSP, the director must submit a completed 
NEDSP application form to the Group Company Secretary together with a completed 
Compliance Certificate. Approval must be obtained in accordance with the process set out in 
Section 6.2.  
• 
Shares will be acquired on behalf of, and allocated to, directors twice a year as soon as 
reasonably practical after the end of each blackout period following the release of Woodside’s 
half year and full year results. No approval is required in respect of this dealing as it does not 
involve any action on the part of the director(s).   
• 
A director may vary or revoke their participation in the NEDSP by submitting an application to 
the Group Company Secretary, together with a completed Compliance Certificate. Approval 
must be obtained in accordance with the process set out in Section 6.2.  
• 
A director must seek separate approval under Section 6.2 for any subsequent dealing in 
Woodside securities to which the director becomes entitled under the NEDSP or otherwise. 
7 
EXCLUDED DEALINGS 
7.1 
Dealings excluded from the operation of this Policy 
Subject to the insider trading prohibitions outlined above, and other than in relation to dealings by 
Directors in black-out periods, the following dealings by a director or restricted employee are 
excluded from the operation of this Policy: 
• 
undertakings or elections to take up entitlements under a rights issue or other offer; 
• 
take up of entitlements under a rights issue or other offer; 
• 
allowing entitlements to lapse under a rights issue or other offer; 
• 
sale of entitlements under a rights issue; 
• 
acquisitions under a dividend reinvestment plan where the election to participate in the plan 
and any variations to that participation were made in accordance with this Policy (including 
obtaining any required prior clearance or acknowledgement);  
• 
dealing under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, such as a security 
purchase plan or equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and 
structure of the offer has been approved by the Board; 
• 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer; 
• 
dealing where the beneficial interest in the Woodside securities does not change, including for 
example, the deposit of shares with the depositary in exchange for American Depositary Shares 
(ADSs) or the cancellation of ADSs and withdrawal of the underlying shares through the 
depositary, in each case, where such dealings do not involve buying or selling Woodside 
securities; 
For personal use only

Title: Securities Dealing Policy 
ID: 1552498 
 
Page 10 of 10
 
• 
disposal of Woodside securities as a result of a secured lender exercising their rights; 
• 
transfer of Woodside securities already held into a superannuation fund or other scheme in 
which the director or restricted employee is a beneficiary, provided the director or restricted 
employee (including an associate of the director or restricted employee) has no influence or 
control over the trustee or entity controlling the superannuation fund or scheme; 
• 
investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a scheme only investing 
in Woodside securities) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are invested at the 
discretion of a third party, provided the director or restricted employee (including an associate 
of the director or restricted employee) has no influence or control over the third party; 
• 
transfers of Woodside securities where there is no change of beneficial owner.  
8 
PLEDGING SECURITIES 
8.1 
Pledging Securities 
Employees can risk breaching insider trading laws if they enter borrowing arrangements that may 
result in the sale of securities at the time they possess inside information. Woodside securities 
pledged as collateral, including shares held in a margin account, may be sold without your consent 
by the lender in foreclosure if you default on your loan. A foreclosure sale that occurs while you are 
aware of inside information may, in some cases, result in unlawful insider trading. Due to this risk, 
directors or Company Secretaries of Woodside Energy Group Ltd and direct reports to the CEO 
are prohibited from pledging Woodside securities as collateral. 
9 
CONSEQUENCES OF BREACH 
9.1 
Compliance is mandatory 
Strict compliance with this Policy is mandatory for all Woodside and associated personnel covered 
by this Policy. 
9.2 
What if I breach this Policy? 
Contravention of the insider trading prohibitions is a serious matter which may result in criminal or 
civil liability. 
Breaches of this Policy may damage Woodside's reputation in the investment community and 
undermine confidence in the market for Woodside securities. Accordingly, breaches will be taken 
very seriously by Woodside and will be subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination 
of a person's employment or appointment. 
10 
APPLICABILITY 
Responsibility for the application of this Policy rests with all Woodside employees, contractors and 
joint venturers engaged in activities under Woodside’s operational control. Woodside managers 
are also responsible for promotion of this Policy in non-operated joint ventures. 
This Policy will be reviewed regularly and updated as required.  
Revised by the Woodside Energy Group Ltd Board in December 2024. 
 
 
For personal use only
