 
 
Whitehaven Coal Limited  ABN 68 124 425 396 
 
Level 28, 259 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000 | P 02 8222 1100 | F 02 8222 1101 
PO Box R1113, Royal Exchange NSW 1225 
 
WHITEHAVENCOAL.COM.AU 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20 March 2019 
 
 
The Manager  
Listings Australian Securities Exchange  
Company Announcements Office 
 
 
 
Amended Securities Trading Policy  
 
 
In accordance with Listing Rule 12.10, attached is Whitehaven’s updated Securities Trading Policy which takes 
effect from 20 March 2019.  
 
 
 
 
Timothy Burt 
General Counsel & Company Secretary  
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
Whitehaven Coal Limited  Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
Page 1 
 
 
 
WHAT IS THIS POLICY ABOUT? 
1 
The purpose of this Policy is to: 
a) ensure that public confidence is maintained in the reputation of Whitehaven Coal Limited 
(the Company), its related bodies corporate (together, the Group) and in the trading of 
the Company’s securities.  
b) explain the Company’s policy and procedures for the buying and selling of securities. 
c) recognise that some types of trading of securities are prohibited by law. 
2 
The Company will take a substance over form approach and will have regard to the intent and 
spirit of this Policy when applying and enforcing it.  
WHO MUST COMPLY WITH THIS POLICY? 
3 
This Policy applies to all Restricted Persons who, for the purposes of this Policy, are: 
a) directors of the Company (Directors).  
b) key management personnel of the Company and direct reports to the CEO.  
c) corporate and divisional accounting officers reporting directly to key management 
personnel.  
d) secretaries and assistants performing confidential work and reporting to Directors or key 
management personnel.  
e) employees who have access to the Group’s financial results before they are released to 
the market. 
f) 
other persons who regularly possess inside information and who have been advised by 
the Company Secretary that they are a Restricted Person.  
4 
Restricted Persons must also take steps in relation to trading by their “Connected Persons”. See 
sections 30 and 31 for further information. 
RESTRICTIONS APPLYING TO RESTRICTED PERSONS 
NO TRADING WHILE IN POSSESSION OF INSIDE INFORMATION 
5 
Restricted Persons must not trade the Company’s securities if: 
a) they are aware of Inside Information in relation to the Company; or 
b) the Company has notified the Restricted Persons that they must not trade securities 
(either for a specified period, or until the Company gives further notice). 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
Whitehaven Coal Limited  Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
Page 2 
6 
Inside Information is information that: 
a) is not generally available to the market; and  
b) if it were generally available to the market, a reasonable person would expect it to have a 
material effect (upwards or downwards) on the price or value of a security. 
7 
Section 5 aims to ensure that Restricted Persons do not breach the insider trading provisions of 
the Corporations Act. Broadly speaking, the Corporations Act provides that a person who has 
Inside Information about a company must not:  
a) buy or sell securities in a company, or enter into an agreement to buy or sell securities, or 
exercise options over securities, or otherwise apply for, acquire or dispose of securities 
(trade);  
b) encourage someone else to trade securities in that company; or  
c) directly or indirectly provide that information to another person where they know, or ought 
to know, that that person is likely to trade securities or encourage someone else to trade 
securities of that company.  
THE FRONT PAGE TEST 
8 
It is important that public confidence in the Group is maintained. It would be damaging to the 
Group’s reputation if the market or the general public perceived that Restricted Persons might be 
taking advantage of their position in the Group to make financial gains (by trading securities on the 
basis of Inside Information).  
9 
As a guiding principle, Restricted Persons should ask themselves: 
If the market was aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to be taking 
advantage of my position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the transaction was 
reported on the front page of the newspaper?  
10 If the Restricted Person is unsure, he or she should consult the Company Secretary. 
11 Where any approval is required for trading under this Policy, approval will not be granted where 
the trade would not satisfy the test set out in section 9 above. 
TRADING IN OTHER COMPANIES’ SECURITIES 
12 Restricted Persons may come into possession of Inside Information regarding another company 
where they are directly involved in client relationship management or negotiating contracts. For 
example, where a person is aware that the Group is about to sign a major agreement with another 
company. 
13 Restricted Persons must not trade securities in another company if they are aware of Inside 
Information in relation to that company, no matter how they came into possession of the Inside 
Information.  
14 If you are in any doubt, consult with the Company Secretary. 
NO TRADING IN BLACKOUT PERIODS 
15 Restricted Persons must not trade Company securities during any of the following blackout 
periods: 
a) the period from 4.00pm (Sydney time) on 30 June each year until the day following the 
announcement to the ASX of the full-year results.  
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
Whitehaven Coal Limited  Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
Page 3 
b) the period from 4.00pm (Sydney time) on 31 December each year until the day following 
the announcement to the ASX of the half-year results.  
c) the period from 4.00pm (Sydney time) on 31 March each year until the day following the 
release to the ASX of the March Quarterly Report. 
d) the period from 4.00pm (Sydney time) on 30 September each year until the day following 
the release to the ASX of the September Quarterly Report. 
e) any other period that the Board specifies from time to time. 
EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES 
16 If a Restricted Person needs to trade securities during a blackout period due to exceptional 
circumstances and is not in possession of any Inside Information, then, they may apply for 
approval to trade. Exceptional circumstances are likely to include severe financial hardship or 
compulsion by court order. 
17 Approval to trade will only be granted if the Restricted Person’s application is accompanied by 
sufficient evidence (in the opinion of the person providing clearance) that the trade is a reasonable 
course of action available in the circumstances.  
18 Unless otherwise specified in the notice, any trade permitted under section 17 must comply with 
the other sections of this Policy. 
APPROVAL REQUIRED FOR TRADING OUTSIDE BLACKOUT PERIODS 
19 During any period that is not a blackout period under section 15, Restricted Persons must, prior to 
any proposed trade, obtain written approval for the proposed trade of the Company’s securities.  
PROCESS FOR APPROVAL OF TRADES 
20 The following persons may issue an approval to trade under sections 17 and 19: 
a) by the Chairman - another Director. 
b) by Directors other than the Chairman - the Chairman or their delegate. 
c) by any other Restricted Person - the CEO or their delegate. 
21 A request for approval to trade will be answered as soon as practicable. The approver may:  
a) grant or refuse the request.  
b) impose conditions on the trade. 
22 The approver is not obliged to provide reasons for any aspect of their decision, and may revoke 
their approval at any time. If a request is not approved or an approval is revoked, that fact must be 
kept confidential. 
23 Following receipt of approval to trade, the approved trade must occur within 7 days following 
approval (or such other time specified in the approval), otherwise the approval is no longer 
effective and fresh approval must be sought. 
24 Approval under this Policy is not an endorsement of the trade. Personnel are responsible for their 
own compliance with the law. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
Whitehaven Coal Limited  Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
Page 4 
NO SHORT-TERM OR SPECULATIVE TRADING 
25 Restricted Persons must not trade the Company’s securities on a speculative or short-term trading 
basis.  
26 Selling shares received following the vesting of entitlements under an equity incentive plan is not a 
short-term trade. However, such trading must still comply with the requirements of this Policy. 
HEDGING OF COMPANY SECURITIES 
27 Hedging includes entering into any arrangements that operate to limit the economic risk 
associated with holding the Company’s securities. 
28 Restricted Persons must not enter into hedging arrangements over any unvested Company 
securities (including equity incentives issued under the Company’s Equity Incentive Plan) to which 
they may be entitled. Any other hedging arrangements involving Company securities must comply 
with the requirements of this Policy. 
NOTIFICATION OF TRADING REQUIRED 
29 Following any trade, Restricted Persons must promptly notify the Company Secretary, ideally by 
close of business on the day the trade is entered into.   
CONNECTED PERSONS 
30 Restricted Persons must take reasonable steps to ensure that their “Connected Persons” only 
trade securities in circumstances where the Restricted Person to whom they are connected would 
be permitted to trade under this Policy. For example, by obtaining clearance in accordance with 
this Policy in respect of the Connected Persons’ trading.  
31 Connected Persons are: 
a) a family member who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, the Restricted 
Person in his or her dealings with the Company or Company securities (this may include 
the Restricted Person’s spouse, partner and children, the children of the Restricted 
Person’s partner, or dependents of the Restricted Person or the Restricted Person’s 
partner). 
b) a company or any other entity which the Restricted Person has an ability to control.  
ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS APPLYING TO KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL  
MARGIN LENDING ARRANGEMENTS 
32 Key management personnel must obtain approval in accordance with the procedure set out in 
sections 20-24 for any margin lending arrangement in respect of Company securities.  You will be 
notified by the Company Secretary if you are a member of the Company’s key management 
personnel.  
33 The Company may, at its discretion, make any approval granted in accordance with section 32 
conditional upon such terms and conditions as the Company sees fit (for example, with regard to 
the circumstances in which the Company’s securities may be sold to satisfy a margin call). 
EXCLUDED TRADING 
34 Sections 15, 19 and 25 of this Policy do not apply to:  
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
Whitehaven Coal Limited  Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
Page 5 
a) participation in an equity incentive plan operated by the Company. However, where 
securities in the Company granted under an equity incentive plan cease to be held under 
the terms of that plan, any trading in those securities must only occur in accordance with 
this Policy. 
b) the following categories of trades: 
i) 
acquisition of Company securities through a dividend reinvestment plan. 
ii) acquisition of Company securities through a share purchase plan available to all 
retail shareholders. 
iii) acquisition of Company securities through a rights issue. 
iv) the disposal of Company securities through the acceptance of a takeover offer, 
scheme of arrangement or equal access buy-back. 
c) trading that results in no effective change to the beneficial interest in the securities (for 
example, transfers of Company securities already held into a superannuation fund or trust 
of which the Restricted Person is a beneficiary). 
d) trading under a pre-approved non-discretionary trading plan, where the Restricted Person 
did not enter into the plan or amend the plan during a blackout period, the plan does not 
permit the Restricted Person to exercise any influence or discretion in relation to trading 
under the plan and the plan cannot be cancelled during a blackout period, other than in 
exceptional circumstances. 
e) a disposal of securities of the Company that is the result of a secured lender exercising 
their rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement.  
35 However, given such trades remain subject to the insider trading rules in the Corporations Act, 
Restricted Persons should still consider any legal or reputational issues (and discuss any 
concerns they have with the Company Secretary) before proceeding with the trade. 
WHAT HAPPENS IF THIS POLICY IS BREACHED? 
36 Breaches of this Policy will be regarded by the Company as serious and will be subject to 
appropriate sanctions. 
37 Any person who is suspected of breaching this Policy may be suspended from attending the 
workplace on full pay pending the outcome of investigations into the alleged breach. 
38 Any person who breaches this Policy could face disciplinary action (including forfeiture of 
securities and/or suspension or termination of employment). 
39 Breaches of the insider trading laws have serious consequences for both the personnel concerned 
and the Company. Penalties under the Corporations Act include financial penalties and 
imprisonment. 
WHO SHOULD I CONTACT? 
40 Restricted Persons should contact the Company Secretary if they are unsure about whether it is 
acceptable to trade or communicate with others in relation to the Company’s securities or other 
securities or if they have any other queries about this Policy. 
For personal use only
