 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Securities Trading Policy 
Whitefield Income Limited 
 
This Policy was approved 18 June 2024. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
1. Scope of this Policy 
This policy applies to private dealings in Whitefield’s issued securities by Key Management Personnel (KMP). 
Key Management Personnel (KMP) comprise the Directors, Officers and Senior Executives of the Company. 
 
2. Prohibitions on Dealing in the Company’s Securities 
2.1. KMPs must not deal in the Company’s securities when they possess information which if disclosed 
might have a material effect on the market price of the Company’s securities. 
2.2. KMPs must not deal in the Company’s securities during prohibited periods (closed periods) unless 
exceptional circumstances apply and written approval is given to a transaction in advance. 
2.3. KMPs must not engage in short selling of the Company’s securities 
2.4. KMP’s must not procure another person to deal in the Company’s securities where they themselves are 
prohibited from dealing. 
 
3. Prohibited (Closed) Periods 
3.1. KMPs are not permitted to trade in the Company’s Securities during the period from the end of a 
financial reporting period until the day after the preliminary announcement of the half-yearly or annual 
results. 
3.2. KMP’s are not permitted to trade in the Company’s Securities during the period from the end of a 
calendar month until the day after the release of the monthly Net Asset Backing Announcement.  
3.3. The Company may from time to time designate a period of time as a prohibited period under this 
Policy. 
 
4. Exclusions to the General Policy 
4.1. The following circumstances are excluded from the application of Section 2 of this Policy. 
(a) Transfers of securities where there is no change in relevant interest; 
(b) An investment in an entity where the assets of the entity are invested at the discretion of a third 
party; 
(c) Responding to a corporate action or offer which has been made to all the Company’s security 
holders of the same class; 
(d) Transactions conducted between a KMP and a close family member 
(e) Transactions which are outside the control of the KMP, including those which result from the 
application of law. 
 
5. Exceptional Circumstances 
5.1. A KMP may be given approval to transact on the Company’s securities during a prohibited period if an 
application is made in writing in advance to the most senior available executive director (other than a 
director involved in the transaction). That director must refer the matter to the most senior independent 
director (other than a director involved in the transaction). Approval may only be provided to such a 
request where both the executive and independent directors (a) consider there to be a sufficiently 
exceptional circumstance that the implementation of the general Policy would produce an inappropriate 
outcome, and (b) only if the KMP has confirmed that they are not in possession of any price sensitive 
information that has not been disclosed to market. 
5.2. Any such approval provided will be provided in writing, including via email, and will specify the scope 
and timing of the transaction approved.   
 
For personal use only
