 
 
Legal/95985369_1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WHITEROCK LITHIUM CORP 
 
 
SECURITIES TRADING POLICY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DATE 
ACTION 
CHANGE 
REVISION 
30.04.2026 
Adoption of Securities Trading 
Policy 
N/A 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
2 
 
Legal/95985369_1 
1 
APPLICABILITY 
In this policy, a reference to the Group is a reference to WhiteRock Lithium Corp. (Company) 
and its subsidiaries (if applicable), and a reference to WhiteRock is a reference to the Group, 
and any joint ventures under a Group company’s control. 
This policy applies to Restricted Persons (you).  A Restricted Person is: 
(a) 
a person having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the 
activities of the Company, directly or indirectly, including any director (whether 
executive or otherwise) of the Company (Key Management Personnel);  
(b) 
any other person (e.g. an employee, contractor, consultant or adviser of WhiteRock) 
nominated by the Board from time to time as a person to whom this policy applies; and  
(c) 
a Connected Person of a person referred to in paragraph (a) or (b). 
A Connected Person means your spouse or partner, child or step-child under 18 years, a parent, 
an unlisted body corporate which you are a director of, a trust of which you are a trustee and of 
which you or any of the persons referred to above is a beneficiary or any other person over whom 
you have significant influence or control.   
You must take all reasonable steps to procure that your Connected Persons comply with this 
policy. 
All Restricted Persons will be given access to this policy via the Company’s website. Training or 
awareness sessions on this policy will be held from time to time, as required. 
2 
PURPOSE 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
(a) 
assist you comply with your obligations under the insider trading provisions of the 
Corporations Act (2001) (Cth) (Corporations Act);protect the Company’s reputation; 
(b) 
establish a procedure for trading in the Company’s securities;  
(c) 
comply with the requirements of the Listing Rules of the Australian Securities Exchange 
(ASX).  
If you do not understand any part of this policy, you should contact the Company Secretary or 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO).  It is your responsibility to make sure that none of your trading 
breaches the law or this policy. 
3 
SECURITIES AND TRADING 
This policy applies to Securities.  Securities are securities issued by the Company and include 
shares, share acquisition rights, options, debentures (including bonds and notes) and 
derivatives of any of the above.   
To “trade” in Securities means, whether as principal or agent, to apply for, acquire, or dispose of 
Securities, or to enter into an agreement to apply, for, acquire, or dispose of Securities or 
procedure another person to do so.  To “trade” includes the exercise of an option, or the 
conversion of a share acquisition right.  
For personal use only

 
3 
 
Legal/95985369_1 
4 
INSIDER TRADING IS PROHIBITED AT ALL TIMES 
A summary of the insider trading prohibition is set out in the Appendix to this policy.  Engaging 
in insider trading can subject you to civil and/or criminal liability. 
If you have Inside Information (as defined in the Appendix to this policy) you must not trade in 
Securities.  Insider trading is prohibited at all times. 
5 
BLACKOUT PERIODS 
You must not trade in Securities in the following periods:  
• 
commencing two weeks immediately preceding and 24 hrs immediately following the date 
the Company’s quarterly activity and cash flow reports have been released to ASX; and 
• 
commencing two weeks immediately preceding and 24 hrs immediately following the date 
the Company’s half year and full year financial statements have been released to ASX 
(Blackout Periods), 
unless the circumstances are exceptional and the procedure for prior written clearance 
described in section 7 has been met. 
In addition to the Blackout Periods, the Board may from time to time declare additional periods 
during which you are prohibited from trading in Securities (for example because the Company 
is considering matters that would require disclosure to the market but for Listing Rule 3.1A) 
(Additional Period), unless the circumstances are exceptional and the procedure for prior 
written clearance described in section 7 has been met.  This prohibition is in addition to the 
Blackout Periods. The Blackout Periods and the Additional Period are together referred to as a 
Prohibited Period in this policy.  You must not disclose to anyone that an Additional Period is 
in effect.   
Please note that even if it is outside a Prohibited Period, you must not trade in Securities if you 
are in possession of Inside Information.   
6 
EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES 
If you are not in possession of Inside Information, you may request prior written clearance to 
trade in Securities during a Prohibited Period in accordance with the procedure set out in 
section 7 in the following exceptional circumstances: 
(a) 
where you are in severe financial hardship; or  
(b) 
where there are other circumstances deemed to be exceptional by the person granting 
the prior written clearance.   
The determination of whether you are in severe financial hardship or whether there are other 
exceptional circumstances can only be made by the relevant Approving Officer in accordance 
with the procedure for obtaining clearance set out in section 7.  You may be in severe financial 
hardship if you have a pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by 
selling the relevant Securities.1 A circumstance may be considered exceptional if you are 
required by a court order or a court enforceable undertaking to transfer or sell, or accept a 
transfer of, Securities or there is some other overriding legal or regulatory requirement for you 
 
1 A tax liability would not normally constitute severe financial hardship unless you have no other means of satisfying the liability.   
For personal use only

 
4 
 
Legal/95985369_1 
to do so.  Ultimately, it is a decision to be made by the relevant Approving Officer, in their sole 
and absolute discretion.   
7 
PRIOR WRITTEN CLEARANCE 
You must not trade in Securities at any time (including in the exceptional circumstances referred 
to in section 6) unless you first obtain prior written clearance from: 
 
 
Your role 
Approving Officer 
Approving Officer alternate
Director, officer or any other 
person other than the CEO and 
Chairman (or their Connected 
Person) 
Chairman 
CEO 
CEO (or their Connected Person) 
Chairman 
Board 
Chairman (or their Connected 
Person) 
CEO 
Any other director  
A request for prior written clearance to trade must be made in writing using the specified form 
at the end of this Policy and given to the relevant Approving Officer (or Approving Officer 
alternate).  The request may be submitted in person or by email. 
Any written clearance may be given in person or by email and will be valid for the period 
determined by the Approving Officer, which period will usually be 5 business days from the date 
that the clearance is given.   
The Company Secretary will maintain a register of clearances given in accordance with this 
section 7, and must report all clearances given to the Board at its next following meeting. 
8 
TRADING NOT SUBJECT TO THIS POLICY 
The following trading is excluded from the restrictions outlined in section 5, but remains subject 
to the insider trading prohibition summarised in the Appendix to this policy: 
(a) 
transfers of Securities between a Restricted Person and their spouse, civil partner, child, 
step-child, family company, family trust or other close family member or of Company 
Securities already held into a superannuation fund or other saving scheme in which the 
Restricted Person is a beneficiary; 
(b) 
acceptance of a takeover offer or participation in a scheme of arrangement; 
(c) 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders such as, a 
rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan and 
an equal access buy-back, where the plan that determines the timing and structure of 
the offer has been approved by the Board.  This includes decisions relating to whether 
or not to take up the entitlements and the sale of entitlements required to provide for 
the take up of the balance of entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue; 
(d) 
the exercise or automatic conversion of options or other convertible rights issued under 
an employee incentive scheme (but not the disposal of the underlying share following 
exercise or conversion); 
For personal use only

 
5 
 
Legal/95985369_1 
(e) 
an acquisition, or agreement to acquire, or grants, allocations or vesting of shares, rights 
or awards under an employee incentive scheme (but not the disposal of the underlying 
share following exercise or conversion); 
(f) 
a disposal of Company Securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their 
rights, for example, under a margin lending arrangement;  
(g) 
where a Restricted Person is a trustee, trading in the Securities by that trust provided that 
the Restricted Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to trade during a 
Prohibited Period is taken by the other trustees or by the investment managers 
independently of the Restricted Person. 
9 
HEDGING TRANSACTIONS 
Before entering into any transactions or arrangements which operate to limit the economic risk 
of your security holding in the Company you must first obtain prior written clearance from the 
appropriate Approving Officer in accordance with the procedure set out in section 7. 
You are prohibited from entering into transactions or arrangements which limit the economic 
risk of participating in unvested entitlements under any equity based remuneration schemes. 
10 
CONSEQUENCES OF BREACH 
Breach of the insider trading prohibition could expose you to criminal and civil liability.   
Breach of this policy (irrespective of whether the insider trading prohibition or any other law is 
breached) will also be regarded by the Company as serious misconduct which may lead to 
disciplinary action and/or dismissal. 
This policy does not contain an exhaustive analysis of the restrictions imposed on, and the very 
serious legal ramifications of, insider trading.  Restricted Persons who wish to obtain further 
information are encouraged to contact the CEO. 
11 
ASX NOTIFICATION 
The Company will give a copy of this policy to ASX for release to the market.   
The Company will also give any amended version of this policy to ASX when it makes a change 
to: the periods within which Restricted Persons are prohibited from trading in Securities; the 
trading that is excluded from the operation of the policy; or the exceptional circumstances in 
which Restricted Persons may be permitted to trade during a Prohibited Period within five 
business days of the amendments taking effect.   
The Company will also give this policy to ASX immediately on request by ASX. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
6 
 
Legal/95985369_1 
APPENDIX TO SECURITIES TRADING POLICY – INSIDER TRADING PROHIBITION 
1.1 
What is Inside Information? 
Inside Information is information that: (a) is not generally available; and (b) if it were generally 
available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of 
the securities. 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price 
or value of securities if (and only if) the information would, or would be likely to, influence 
persons who commonly acquire securities in deciding whether or not to acquire or dispose of 
those securities.  In other words, the information must be shown to be material to the investment 
decision of a reasonable hypothetical investor in the securities. 
It does not matter how you come to know the Inside Information.  For the purpose of the insider 
trading provisions of the Corporations Act, “information” is given a wide meaning and includes 
matters of supposition and other matters that are insufficiently definite to warrant being made 
known to the public and matters relating to the intentions, or the likely intentions of a person. 
Examples of information which, if made available to the market, may depending on the 
circumstances be likely to have a material effect on the price of Securities are: 
(a) 
a transaction that will lead to a significant change in the nature or scale of the Company’s 
activities; 
(b) 
a material mineral or hydrocarbon discovery; 
(c) 
a material acquisition or disposal; 
(d) 
the granting or withdrawal of a material licence; 
(e) 
becoming a plaintiff or defendant in a material law suit; 
(f) 
the fact that the Company’s earnings will be materially different from market 
expectations; 
(g) 
the appointment of a liquidator, administrator or receiver; 
(h) 
the commission of an event of default under, or other event entitling a financier to 
terminate, a material financing facility; 
(i) 
under subscriptions or over subscriptions to an issue of securities; 
(j) 
giving or receiving a notice of intention to make a takeover; 
(k) 
any rating applied by a rating agency to the Company or its securities and any change 
to such a rating; 
(l) 
any actual or proposed change to the Company’s capital structure for example, a share 
issue; and 
(m) 
exploration results.  
1.2 
When is information generally available? 
Information is generally available if: 
(a) 
it consists of ‘readily observable matter’; 
(b) 
it has been made known in a manner that would, or would be likely to, bring it to the 
attention of persons who commonly invest in securities of a kind whose price or value 
might be affected by the information and since it was made known, a reasonable period 
for it to be disseminated among such persons has elapsed; or  
For personal use only

 
7 
 
Legal/95985369_1 
 
(c) 
it consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information of 
the kind referred to in (a) or (b) above.   
1.3 
Prohibited conduct 
In summary, the Corporations Act prohibits three types of conduct relating to Inside Information: 
• 
the direct or indirect acquisition or disposal of securities using Inside Information; 
• 
the procurement of another person to acquire or dispose of securities using Inside 
Information; and 
• 
communication of Inside Information to another person for the purpose of the other 
person acquiring or disposing of securities. 
You must not, whether in your own capacity or as an agent for another, apply for, acquire or 
dispose of, or enter into an agreement to apply for, acquire or dispose of, any securities, or 
procure another person to do so if you: 
(a) 
possess Inside Information; and  
(b) 
know or ought reasonably to know, that: 
(i) 
the information is not generally available; and 
(ii) 
if it were generally available, it might have a material effect on the price or value 
of the securities or influence a person's decision to buy or sell the securities.    
You also must not either directly or indirectly pass on this kind of information to another person 
if they know, or ought reasonably to know, that this other person is likely to apply for, acquire or 
dispose of the securities or procure another person to do so.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
8 
 
Legal/95985369_1 
 
 
Request for clearance to trade form 
1 
Name and position 
 
2 
Details of securities and proposed trade 
Nature of trade 
 
Number of Securities 
 
Class of Securities 
 
Name of registered holder 
 
3 
Reason for request 
Standard request to trade 
Yes/No (delete as appropriate) 
Request to trade in exceptional 
circumstances 
Yes/No (delete as appropriate) 
If yes, please provide complete details below of the circumstances which 
you wish to be considered as exceptional 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4 
Declarations  
I confirm that I: 
(a) 
have read and understood the Securities Trading Policy and the proposed trade does not breach that 
policy or any legal obligations referred to in the policy;  
(b) 
am not in possession of any inside information in relation to WhiteRock Lithium Corp; and  
(c) 
understand that I cannot trade in the company’s securities until clearance is given, and that any clearance 
given will be valid only for the period stated in the clearance. 
Signed: _____________________________ 
Name: ______________________________ Date: ____________ 
OFFICE USE – Clearance to be completed by Approving Officer 
Clearance given by:  
 
 
 
……………………………….. ……………………………………. 
……………………………… 
Name of Approving Officer Signature of Approving Officer  
Date. 
 
 
Clearance valid for ______ business days from the date of clearance
 
For personal use only
