 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ACN 617 838 418 
 
 
Security Trading Policy & Insider Trading Policy 
For personal use only

 
2 
 
Definitions 
ASX  
ASX Limited (ACN 008 624 691) 
Board 
board of Directors  
Chairperson  
chairperson of the Board 
Company 
WAM Microcap Limited (ACN 617 838 418) 
Company Secretary  
secretary of the Company 
Continuous 
Disclosure Policy 
the Company’s continuous disclosure policy as set out in 
section 4 of the Company’s Corporate Governance Charter 
Corporations Act 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) 
Director  
director of the Company  
Executive  
a person (whether or not a Director) involved in the 
strategic and operational management of the Company and 
including the Company Secretary and any service providers 
responsible for strategic or operational management. 
Insider Trading 
Policy 
the Company’s insider trading policy as set out in section 2  
Listing Rules 
the ASX Listing rules as amended from time to time 
Shareholder  
holder of shares in the Company 
Security Trading 
Policy 
the Company’s security trading policy as set out in section 1  
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
3 
WAM Microcap Limited 
(ACN 617 838 418) 
 
1. 
Security Trading Policy 
1.1. 
Policy  
The Board has established the following policy to apply to trading in the Company’s 
securities on ASX.  This policy applies to those persons defined below as “Restricted 
Persons” of the Company.  Restricted Persons to whom this policy applies must restrict 
their buying and selling of Company’s securities within the Company trading window 
established by the Security Trading Policy.  Any breach of this policy will be regarded 
as serious and will be subject to appropriate sanctions. 
In addition to the requirements of this Securities Trading Policy, all Restricted Persons 
(as defined below) must also comply with the Insider Trading Policy in section 2 below. 
1.2. 
Executive restrictions on trading  
This Securities Trading Policy and the restrictions on trading in the Company’s 
Securities set out below applies to the following representatives of the Company 
(Restricted Persons): 
(a) 
the Board; 
(b) 
directors and company secretary of any subsidiary of the Company; 
(c) 
any person who is entitled to receive equity performance rights and/or options as 
part of any equity incentive based scheme of the Company;  
(d) 
any Executives; and  
(e) 
the Company Secretary. 
The Restricted Persons are to be subject to restrictions on trading in the Company’s 
securities at certain times of the year.  Restrictions also apply where any Restricted 
Person is exposed to inside information in the course of their duties in accordance with 
the Insider Trading Policy (see section 2 below). 
1.3. 
Associated parties 
Each Restricted Person has a personal responsibility to ensure that his or her 
“associated parties” (being immediate family (including a spouse (or equivalent) or 
dependent), family company or trust) complies with the same respective restrictions as 
apply to Restricted Persons. 
1.4. 
Prohibition on restricted persons dealing in Securities 
Restricted Persons must not deal in the Company’s securities during prohibited periods 
(closed periods) unless exceptional circumstances apply and written approval is given 
to a transaction in advance. 
For personal use only

 
4 
As the Company is a listed investment company which will announce its investment 
updates and Net Tangible Assets (NTA) at least monthly on the ASX, the Board 
believes the Shareholders are generally fully informed. 
Trading blackouts 
In addition to the overriding prohibition on dealing when a person is in possession of 
inside information in accordance with the Insider Trading Policy, Restricted Persons 
and their associated parties are prohibited (unless otherwise agreed to by the Board) 
from dealing in securities during each period of 5 business days before the 
announcement of a dividend or any other capital management initiative that might have 
a material impact on the share price. 
The Company may from time to time designate further periods of time as a prohibited 
period under this Policy. 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is emphasised that Restricted Persons may not deal 
whilst in the possession of “Inside Information” (see section 2). 
1.5. 
Board of Directors’ discretion 
The Board has an absolute discretion to place an embargo on Restricted Persons 
and/or their respective associated parties trading in the Company’s securities at any 
time. 
1.6. 
Notification rules in relation to dealing in securities 
Restricted Persons are required to notify the Company of intended dealings in the 
Company’s securities, by themselves or their associated parties, prior to such intended 
dealings.  This should be done by written notice to the Company Secretary outlining 
the: 
(a) 
name of the Shareholder; 
(b) 
type of proposed transaction (purchase, sale, etc.); and 
(c) 
number of securities involved. 
The Company Secretary will confer with the Chairperson in relation to any proposed 
dealing. 
The Chairperson and the Company Secretary must keep a written record of any 
information received from a Restricted Person in connection with this policy and any 
clearance or refusal to grant clearance given under this policy. 
1.7. 
Directors to notify ASX of shareholding 
The Directors are required to complete, or request that the Company Secretary 
complete, necessary forms to be filed with ASX in respect of their shareholding in the 
Company for the purposes of section 205G of the Corporations Act and the Listing 
Rules. 
For personal use only

 
5 
In accordance with Listing Rule 3.19A, a Director of a Company must notify ASX within 
5 business days after any change in his or her relevant interest in the Company’s 
securities. 
All Directors have, and new Directors will, enter into a Director disclosure agreement 
with the Company (as set out in Guidance Note 22 of the Listing Rules).  The Company 
Secretary will maintain records of signed copies of these Directors disclosure 
agreements. 
1.8. 
Exceptional circumstances 
Where, in exceptional circumstances, and it is the only reasonable course of action 
available to a Restricted Person (e.g. a pressing financial commitment that cannot be 
satisfied otherwise) clearance may be given for the Restricted Person to sell (but not to 
purchase) securities in the Company when that person would otherwise be prohibited 
from doing so. In this section 1.8, “exceptional circumstances” means severe financial 
hardship, a court order (or court enforceable undertaking), or some other overriding 
legal or regulatory requirement, to transfer or sell securities in the Company, or other 
circumstances that may be deemed exceptional by the Chairperson.  For example, a 
Restricted Person may be in severe financial hardship if he or she has a pressing 
financial commitment that cannot otherwise be satisfied.   
The Chairperson may not give clearance under the exception in section 1.8 if there is a 
matter about which there is inside information in relation to securities in the Company 
(whether or not the Restricted Person knows about the matter) when the Restricted 
Person requests clearance or proposes to deal in securities in the Company. 
The Chairperson or another Director (where the Chairperson is involved) will decide if 
circumstances are exceptional.  
Any clearance given by the Chairperson in accordance with section 1.8 must be in 
writing (which may be in the form of an email). The Chairperson must determine, and 
specify in the written clearance, the maximum duration of the clearance. 
1.9. 
Trading not subject to this Security Trading Policy 
The following dealings are not subject to the provisions of this Security Trading Policy in 
respect of the Company: 
(a) 
undertakings or elections to take up entitlements under a rights issue or other 
offer (including an offer of securities in lieu of a cash dividend); 
(b) 
the take up of entitlements under a rights issue or other offer (including an offer 
of securities in lieu of a cash dividend); 
(c) 
allowing entitlements to lapse under a rights issue or other offer (including an 
offer of securities in lieu of a cash dividend); 
(d) 
the sale of sufficient entitlements to allow take up of the balance of the 
entitlements under a rights issue; 
(e) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer or pursuant to a 
scheme of arrangement implemented in accordance with section 411 of the 
Corporations Act; 
For personal use only

 
6 
(f) 
transfer of securities arising out of the operation of an employee scheme into a 
savings scheme investing only in securities of the Company following: 
(i) 
the exercise of an option under a savings related securities option 
scheme; or 
(ii) 
release of securities from a profit sharing scheme; 
(g) 
the cancellation or surrender of an option under an employee scheme; 
(h) 
the purchase of securities or the communication of information pursuant to a 
requirement imposed by law; 
(i) 
transfers of securities by an independent trustee of an employee share scheme 
to a beneficiary who is not a person;  
(j) 
bona fide gifts to a Director by a third party; 
(k) 
transfers of securities in the Company already held into a superannuation fund or 
other saving scheme in which the Restricted Person is a beneficiary; 
(l) 
an investment in, or trading in units of, a fund or other scheme (other than a 
scheme only investing in the securities of the entity) where the assets of the fund 
or other scheme are invested at the discretion of a third party; 
(m) 
where a Restricted Person is a trustee, trading in the securities of the entity by 
that trust provided the Restricted Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any 
decision to trade during a prohibited period is taken by the other trustees or by 
the investment managers independently of the restricted person; and 
(n) 
trading under an offer or invitation made to all or most of the security holders, 
such as, a rights issue, a security purchase plan, a dividend or distribution 
reinvestment plan and an equal access buy-back, where the plan that 
determines the timing and structure of the offer has been approved by the Board. 
This includes decisions relating to whether or not to take up the entitlements and 
the sale of entitlements required to provide for the take up of the balance of 
entitlements under a renounceable pro rata issue. 
1.10. 
Hedging 
A Restricted Person must not enter into hedging arrangements with respect to 
securities in the Company (including any shares, options and rights). 
Hedging arrangements include entering into transactions in financial products that 
operate to limit the economic risk associated with holding securities in the Company. 
1.11. 
Margin loans 
A Restricted Person must not include his or her securities in the Company in a margin 
loan portfolio or otherwise deal in securities in the Company pursuant to a margin 
lending arrangement without first obtaining the Company’s consent.  Such dealing 
would include: 
(a) 
entering into a margin lending arrangement in respect of securities in the 
Company; 
(b) 
transferring securities in the Company into an existing margin loan account; and 
(c) 
selling securities in the Company to satisfy a call pursuant to a margin loan. 
For personal use only

 
7 
The Company may, at its discretion, make any clearance granted in accordance with 
this Clause 1.11 conditional upon such terms and conditions as the Company sees fit 
(for example, in regards to the circumstances in which the securities in the Company 
may be sold to satisfy a margin call). 
For personal use only

 
8 
2. 
Insider Trading Policy 
2.1. 
Policy 
The Board has established the following Insider Trading Policy to apply to trading in the 
Company’s securities on ASX. 
This policy applies to all Directors and Executives.  All Directors and Executives must 
not deal in the Company’s securities while in possession of price sensitive information. 
In addition, the Security Trading Policy (see above) sets out additional restrictions 
which apply to Directors and Executives of the Company. 
The law imposes a number of significant restrictions on Directors and Executives of the 
Company when they deal in their Company’s securities.  As fiduciaries, these persons 
must not utilise their position for their own gain or for the gain of any person other than 
the Company. 
The Corporations Act imposes severe penalties (both criminal and civil) on persons who 
conduct insider trading activities.  Any perception of improper conduct by Directors and 
Executives also has the potential to substantially damage the Company’s reputation. 
The Company has established this Insider Trading Policy in an effort to prevent the 
incidence of insider trading in the Company’s securities.  This Insider Trading Policy 
provides a general summary of the law in Australia in relation to insider trading, and as 
such operates in addition to the legal requirements.  It is the personal responsibility of 
each Director and Executive to comply with this Insider Trading Policy. 
2.2. 
Overview of the insider trading provisions in the Corporations Act 
It is illegal for anybody to deal in any securities of a body corporate (including the 
Company), when in possession of information that the person knows, or ought 
reasonably to know: 
(a) 
is not generally available (including information that the Company has not 
disclosed to the market in accordance with the Continuous Disclosure Policy); 
and 
(b) 
might have material effect on the price or value of those securities if it was 
generally available (Inside Information). 
This prohibition extends to procuring, advising or encouraging another person (for 
example, a family member, a friend, a family company, trust or investment manager) to 
deal, and, in the case of securities of listed corporations, extends to communicating the 
inside information to another person, if the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, 
that the other person would, or would be likely to, deal in the securities in question or 
procure another person to do so.  To communicate Inside Information to another person 
is also an offence which carries both civil and criminal penalties. 
A Director or Executive in possession of Inside Information about the Company has a 
duty to keep that information confidential and must not in any way disclose or 
communicate that information to any person. 
For personal use only

 
9 
Examples of possible “inside information” include: 
(a) 
entry into or termination of a material contract; 
(b) 
an actual of proposed takeover or merger; 
(c) 
an actual or proposed change to the Company’s capital structure; 
(d) 
a change in dividend policy; and 
(e) 
a material claim against the Company or other unexpected liability. 
Information will have a material effect when a reason person would expect the 
information to influence an investor’s investment decision to buy and sell securities. For 
further guidance with respect to materiality, please refer to our Continuous Disclosure 
Policy. 
2.3. 
Dealing with security analysts, institutional investors and journalists 
A Director or Executive may be exposed to others outside the Company such as 
security analysts, institutional investors and journalists.  It is important that all Directors 
and Executives be aware that selective disclosure of non-public information may result 
in a breach of the insider trading rules. 
It is important to emphasise that it is the mere fact of conveyance of the material non-
public information that gives rise to liability, not the manner in which it is conveyed. 
It is possible to convey information in breach of this Insider Trading Policy and the 
Corporations Act by expressing subjective attitudes about the Company’s performance 
or by calling attention to selective information not available as an aggregate to the 
general public.  It is essential to avoid the indirect conveyance of information by any 
means whatsoever. 
If during the course of a discussion with any analyst, journalist or other outsider, 
material non-public information concerning the Company is disclosed, inadvertently or 
otherwise, the recipient of the information should be informed of its non-public nature 
and cautioned against its use unless and until the Company has made full public 
disclosure of the information.  The Company Secretary should be notified of the 
situation immediately so that a decision can be made regarding disclosure of the 
information. 
No public comments should be made regarding any previously undisclosed operating 
results or other developments unless authorised by the Company.  
2.4. 
Consequences for non-compliance 
Any breaches of this Policy will be treated seriously and may give rise to disciplinary 
action. Any Director or Executive who becomes aware of a violation of this Policy 
should immediately report the violation to the Chairman or, in their absence, the 
Company Secretary. 
The prohibition on insider trading is absolute with civil penalties and/or criminal offences 
under the Corporations Act.  
For personal use only
