 
 
9 May 2025 
 
 
The Manager 
Market Announcements Office 
Australian Securities Exchange 
20 Bridge Street  
Sydney NSW 2000 
 
  
REVISED SECURITIES DEALING POLICY 
I attach Worley’s revised Securities Dealing Policy in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.10. 
The Securities Dealing Policy is also available from the Corporate Governance page in the 
Investor relations section of the Group’s website (www.worley.com). 
 
Authorised for release by 
 
Nuala O'Leary 
Group Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
Worley Limited 
Level 19, 420 George Street 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
ABN 17 096 090 158 
Telephone: +61 2 8923 6866 
worley.com 
 
For personal use only

 
 
MS-CP-POL-0008 Rev 2 7 May 2025 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
1.1 
Purpose 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
• explain the type of conduct in relation to dealing in securities that is prohibited 
under the relevant law and by Worley; and 
• establish rules and procedures for dealing in Worley Limited (“Worley”) securities to 
discourage inappropriate conduct in relation to securities by persons associated 
with Worley. 
It is important that all personnel comply with this policy to ensure public confidence is 
maintained in Worley, its personnel and dealing in its shares. This policy is designed 
to reduce the perception risks associated with share dealings, which could cause 
significant reputational damage for Worley and its personnel, even if no law is 
breached. 
1.2 
Commitment 
Insider trading is illegal and anyone who has inside information must not deal in 
securities or pass the inside information to anyone else. Worley is committed to 
minimizing the risk of insider trading or the perception of insider trading by all Worley 
personnel and their associates.  
This policy details Worley’s commitments and key aspects to ensure that Worley 
complies with its securities dealings obligations under the Corporations Act and the 
Australian Securities Exchange (“ASX”) Listing Rules. 
1.3 
Scope and Applicability 
This policy applies to Worley personnel, including directors, officers, executives, 
managers, supervisors, employees, contractors and service providers, Worley’s 
subsidiaries and joint ventures and any "associates", which are family members and 
controlled entities of those persons, wherever they are located. Personnel are 
responsible for ensuring their associates comply. 
Designated personnel have additional responsibilities under the policy. Designated 
personnel are directors of Worley, each direct report of Worley’s CEO and each direct 
report of the CEO’s direct reports.  
Worley personnel must also follow the procedures set out in the Securities Dealings 
Standard. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
2 
MS-CP-POL-0008 Rev 2 7 May 2025 
 
 
1.4 
Key Aspects 
Prohibitions 
In addition to insider trading prohibitions, this policy prohibits personnel from: 
• short selling;  
• hedging performance rights, bonus entitlements or shares held subject to dealing 
restrictions or minimum holding requirements;  
• short term dealing (unless consent is granted);  
• selling shares held to fulfil any minimum holding requirements (unless consent is 
granted); and 
• dealing in Worley shares during a closed period (unless consent is granted). 
Insider trading 
Insider trading occurs when someone with inside information buys or sells the 
securities to which that information relates, procures that someone else does so or 
communicates that inside information to someone else knowing that they would be 
likely to do so. Inside information means information which is not generally available 
and, if it were generally available, it would reasonably be expected to have a material 
effect on the price or value of the relevant security. Insider trading is illegal and will 
not be tolerated by Worley. As a result, this policy prohibits Worley personnel from 
engaging in insider trading. 
Front Page Test – perception is just as important as the law 
As a guiding principle, before dealing in shares, personnel should consider the “Front 
Page Test”, which means asking: If the market was aware of all the current 
circumstances, could I be perceived to be taking advantage of my position in an 
inappropriate way? How would it look if the transaction were reported on the front 
page of the newspaper? 
Closed periods 
The policy designates certain times of the year to be "closed periods". Such periods 
are generally put in place for:  
• the period from 30 June each year up to and including the date on which Worley 
releases its annual results; and 
• the period from 31 December each year up to and including the date on which 
Worley releases its half-yearly results.  
Personnel must not trade in Worley shares during a closed period, or any other period 
where restrictions on dealings are imposed, unless they have consent to do so and 
provided they comply with the law, this policy and the Securities Dealings Standard 
when they do so.  
Personnel are free to trade at all other times, provided they comply with the law, this 
policy and the Securities Dealings Standard when they do so. 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
3 
MS-CP-POL-0008 Rev 2 7 May 2025 
 
 
Consent 
Where consent to deal in Worley shares is required under this policy, consent will only 
be granted to personnel in exceptional circumstances.  Exceptional circumstances 
include financial hardship, compulsion by court order and any other circumstances 
that the approver considers to be exceptional. The approver may also consider the 
guiding principle of the Front Page Test.   
Consent may be requested by providing details of the proposed dealing to the relevant 
person (approver) listed in the table below. The Group Company Secretary must be 
copied when the request is submitted. 
Person seeking consent 
Approver 
Chairman of the Board 
Deputy Chairman and Lead Independent Director 
Directors (other than the Chairman of the Board) 
Chairman of the Board 
Designated personnel (other than directors) 
Chief Executive Officer 
All other personnel 
Group Company Secretary 
Any consent provided must be acted upon within five business days, unless the 
consent specifies otherwise.  
Notice requirements - designated personnel 
Designated personnel are required to notify Worley of any dealing in Worley shares 
two business days in advance of the dealing and within two business days after the 
dealing. They must receive confirmation that there are no restrictions on trading in 
the particular circumstances before they trade.   
Permitted dealings 
There are some instances in which personnel do not need to obtain consent to trade in 
Worley shares during a closed period, provided they comply with the law, this policy 
and the Securities Dealings Standard when they do so. Permitted dealings include: 
a. 
acquire Worley shares or dispose of rights to Worley shares under a rights 
issue or share purchase plan (including shares more than the personnel’s or 
their associate’s entitlement not taken-up by other shareholders); 
b. 
dispose of securities arising from acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme of 
arrangement or equal access buy-back; 
c. 
dispose of Worley shares by transferring them to another person without 
receiving any payment or other form of compensation in return; 
d. 
acquire Worley shares under a share purchase plan or dividend re-
investment plan that Worley puts in place, provided that neither the 
personnel nor their associate: 
i. 
commenced or amended amend their participation in the plan during a 
closed period; or 
ii. 
is permitted to withdraw from the plan during the closed period, other 
than with consent and other than in exceptional circumstances;  
e. 
transfer Worley shares between themselves and an associate; 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
4 
MS-CP-POL-0008 Rev 2 7 May 2025 
 
 
f. 
participate in an employee incentive scheme, including by acquiring Worley 
shares on the automatic conversion of their vested performance rights or 
bonus entitlements; 
g. 
deal in Worley shares in their capacity as trustee of any employee incentive 
scheme established by Worley; 
h. 
exchange exchangeable shares into ordinary shares in Worley; 
i. 
acquire or dispose of securities under a pre-determined investment or 
divestment plan, provided that the manager of the plan is not their 
associate and: 
i. 
neither the personnel nor their associate enters or amends the plan 
during a closed period; 
ii. 
the plan does not permit the personnel or their associate to exercise 
any discretion over how, when or whether to acquire or dispose of 
Worley shares; and 
iii. 
neither the personnel nor their associate is permitted to cancel 
participation in the plan during a closed period, other than with 
consent and other than in exceptional circumstances;  
or 
j. 
engage in indirect and incidental trading that occurs because of them or 
their associate dealing in securities issued by a managed investment 
scheme, listed investment company, exchange-traded fund or similar 
investment vehicle that is managed by a third party and that happens to 
hold Worley shares as part of its portfolio and those shares represent <20% 
of the portfolio. 
Where personnel are one of a number of trustees of a trust, the trustees (other than 
them self and any trustees who are their associates) may decide to invest the assets 
of the trust by dealing in Worley shares at any time, provided that they are not 
involved in the decision to deal in the Worley shares, including not authorizing the 
execution of or executing documents effecting the dealing and provided that the other 
trustees comply with the law when doing so. 
A lender (who is not a personnel’s associate) may deal in Worley shares that they 
have provided as security for a margin loan at any time in accordance with the terms 
of the loan, provided that the lender complies with the law when doing so. If the 
lender does so when the personnel has inside information, they may still be in breach 
of insider trading laws or this policy. It is personnel’s responsibility to consider 
carefully the circumstances, if any, in which they provide Worley shares as security for 
a margin loan to ensure that this does not occur. 
The insider trading laws, Front Page Test and notice requirements still apply in these 
circumstances, even if personnel are not involved in the decision to deal in Worley 
shares. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
Securities Dealing Policy 
5 
MS-CP-POL-0008 Rev 2 7 May 2025 
 
 
Review: This policy has been approved by the Board and will be periodically reviewed 
to check that it is continuing to operate effectively and whether any changes are 
required. 
 
Chris Ashton 
Chief Executive Officer 
May 2025 
For personal use only
