1 
Waypoint REIT Limited | ABN 35 612 986 517 
Level 15, 720 Bourke Street, Docklands VIC Australia 3008 
GPO Box 4716 Melbourne VIC 3001 
ASX Release 
18 October 2024 
Company Announcements  
Australian Securities Exchange Limited 
Electronic Lodgement 
Updated Securities Trading Policy 
Please find attached a copy of the revised Securities Trading Policy lodged with the ASX in accordance with ASX 
Listing Rule 12.10.  
Authorised for release by: 
The Board of Waypoint REIT 
Tina Mitas  
Company Secretary 
Waypoint REIT 
T +61 3 908 18433 
E tina.mitas@waypointreit.com.au 
About Waypoint REIT 
Waypoint REIT is Australia’s largest listed REIT owning solely fuel and convenience retail properties; it has a high-quality network 
across all Australian States and mainland Territories. Waypoint REIT’s objective is to maximise the long-term returns from the 
portfolio for the benefit of all securityholders.  
Waypoint REIT is a stapled entity in which one share in Waypoint REIT Limited (ABN 35 612 986 517) is stapled to one unit in 
the Waypoint REIT Trust (ARSN 613 146 464). This ASX announcement is prepared for information purposes only and is correct 
at the time of release to the ASX. Factual circumstances may change following the release of this announcement. 
Please refer to the Waypoint REIT website for further information waypointreit.com.au 
For personal use only

 
 
 
Securities 
Trading Policy 
VER Limited (ACN 609 868 000) in its capacity as responsible entity of 
Waypoint REIT Trust (ARSN 613 146 464) 
Waypoint REIT Limited (ACN 612 986 517) 
Approved by the Board and effective 17 October 2024 
For personal use only

 
1 | P a g e 
 
 
1. Introduction 
 
1.1. 
Directors, officers and employees of Waypoint REIT and its subsidiaries are encouraged to be long-term 
holders of Waypoint REIT securities. It is, however, essential that care be taken in the timing of any 
acquisition or disposal of securities to minimise the risk of 'insider trading' and to avoid the appearance of 
insider trading given the significant reputational damage that may cause Waypoint REIT. 
1.2. 
This Securities Trading Policy (Policy) is intended to assist each Restricted Persons (defined below) and 
their Associates (defined below) to comply with their legal obligations relating to securities trading, 
particularly while they are in possession of 'inside information'. 
1.3. 
This Policy has been prepared to meet the requirements of ASX Listing Rules 12.9-12.12 and should be 
read in conjunction with Waypoint REIT’s Code of Conduct. ASX has published Guidance Note 27 
Trading Policies to facilitate compliance with these Listing Rules.  
1.4. 
A breach of this Policy, and Waypoint REIT’s Code of Conduct, will be regarded as serious misconduct 
by Waypoint REIT which may result in disciplinary action or dismissal; breach of insider trading laws may 
result in civil and/or criminal legal action being taken against you. 
 
2. Application of this Policy 
 
2.1 
This Policy sets out the procedures and trading restrictions for Restricted Persons (as defined below) and 
their Associates (as defined below) dealing in Waypoint REIT securities, and in some circumstances, for 
dealing in securities of other listed entities.  For the purposes of this Policy, a Restricted Person means: 
(a) 
all directors (and their associates), senior management, key management personnel as defined in 
Accounting Standard AASB 124 Related Party Disclosures of Waypoint REIT; and 
(b) 
all employees of Waypoint REIT and contractors or consultants required to comply with Waypoint 
REIT’s policies and procedures or considered appropriate by the Chair and Company Secretary 
from time to time;   
For the purposes of this Policy, an Associate of a Restricted Person means a spouse (including a de facto 
spouse), child (including a step-child or adopted child), a close relative, a person financially dependent on 
the Restricted Person or companies, trusts, partnerships or other entities that a Restricted Person or any 
of the above persons control or significantly influence. 
2.2 
Each Restricted Person must ensure that their Associates are aware of this Policy and must take 
reasonable steps to ensure that they comply with this Policy. 
2.3 
Restricted Persons together with their Associates are referred to in this Policy as Relevant Persons or 
‘you”. 
2.4 
The Company Secretary will advise each new employee who is a Relevant Person of their status as part of 
their induction with Waypoint REIT; and will routinely remind all Relevant Persons of their status. 
Restricted Relevant Persons will have their securities holding in Waypoint REIT monitored through a watch 
list with our securities registry to ensure compliance with the Policy. 
 
3. Prohibition on Insider Trading 
 
3.1 
It is the responsibility of every Restricted Person to ensure that they and their Associates do not do any of 
the things prohibited under section 1043A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (Corporations Act) when 
they are in possession of ‘inside information’. 
For personal use only

 
2 | P a g e 
 
3.2 
If you have ‘inside information’ relating to Waypoint REIT or any other entity, which has not been published 
or which is not otherwise ‘generally available’, it is illegal for you and your Associates to: 
(a) 
buy, sell or otherwise deal in securities in Waypoint REIT or any other entity; 
(b) 
advise, procure, or encourage another person (for example, a family member, a friend, a family 
company, trust or investment manager) to buy or sell these securities; and 
(c) 
pass on information to any other person if you know, or ought reasonably to know, that the person 
may use the information to buy or sell (or procure another person to buy or sell) these securities. 
3.3 
Breach of the ‘insider trading’ provisions of the Corporations Act by any person (including a Relevant 
Persons could expose that person (or corporation) to: 
(a) 
severe fines and/or imprisonment;  
(b) 
civil liability, which may include being sued by another party or Waypoint REIT, for any loss 
suffered as a result of illegal dealing in securities; and  
(c) 
reputational damage, which may occur even where an insider trading breach is not proven. 
3.4 
The requirements imposed by this Policy are in addition to any legal prohibitions on insider trading.  
Trading in Waypoint REIT securities or securities of another entity is prohibited at any time by a Relevant 
Persons if that person possesses inside information, notwithstanding that such trading may be permitted 
under this Policy.  If you are not sure whether you possess ‘inside information’, you should not Trade. 
 
4. What Is ‘Inside Information’? 
 
4.1 
‘Inside information’ means information which: 
(a) 
 is not generally available to the market; and  
(b) 
if the information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it to have a material 
effect on the price or value of Waypoint REIT securities.  
4.2 
Information can include matters of supposition and other matters that are insufficiently definite to warrant 
being made known to the public and matters relating to the intentions or likely intentions of a person. 
4.3 
Information will be ‘generally available’ if it: 
(a) 
is readily observable; 
(b) 
has been made known in a manner that would (or would be likely to) bring it to the attention of 
persons who commonly invest or trade in securities and a reasonable period for it to be 
disseminated among those persons has elapsed; or 
(c) 
consists of deductions, conclusions or inferences made or drawn from information falling under (a) 
or (b) above. 
4.4 
A reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price or value of 
securities if the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invests in 
securities in deciding whether to buy or sell our securities. For further guidance with respect to materiality 
please refer to Waypoint REIT’s Disclosure Policy.  
4.5 
Examples of possible ‘inside information’ include: 
For personal use only

 
3 | P a g e 
 
(a) 
the financial performance of Waypoint REIT against its budget; 
(b) 
entry into or termination of a material contract (such as a major joint venture); 
(c) 
a material acquisition or sale of assets by Waypoint REIT; 
(d) 
an actual or proposed takeover or merger; 
(e) 
an actual or proposed change to Waypoint REIT’s capital structure; 
(f) 
a proposed dividend or a change in dividend policy; and 
(g) 
a material claim against Waypoint REIT or other unexpected liability. 
4.6 
The list of examples above is not exhaustive and each Relevant Persons is responsible for assessing 
whether they possess inside information before dealing in any securities. 
 
5. Trading Excluded from the Operation of this Policy 
 
5.1 
Waypoint REIT considers that it is not appropriate to restrict trading in securities, including by a Restricted 
Person or during Closed Periods, provided such Trade does not contravene the insider trading 
prohibitions, in the following circumstances (each an Excluded Dealing) being: 
(a) 
trading that results in no change in beneficial interest in the securities; 
(b) 
the trading occurs via investments in a scheme or other arrangement where the investment 
decisions are exercised by an independent third party; or 
(c) 
a person has no control or influence with respect to trading decisions. 
5.2 
However, all such dealings are still otherwise prohibited if the proposed trade would contravene insider 
trading laws. Directors, other Restricted Persons, employees and contractors should seriously consider 
any legal or reputational issues before proceeding with a proposed excluded trade. 
5.3 
The following are examples of types of trading excluded from the operation of this Policy: 
(a) 
an issue of securities under an employee incentive scheme approved by the Board (however, 
where securities granted under an employee incentive scheme cease to be held under the terms of 
that scheme, any trading in those securities must occur in accordance with this Policy);  
(b) 
a transfer of Waypoint REIT securities held in a superannuation fund, in which a Relevant Person is 
a beneficiary, to another superannuation fund in which a Relevant Person is a beneficiary; 
(c) 
the conversion of a convertible security or an acquisition of the Waypoint REIT securities under a 
pro rata issue; 
(d) 
undertakings to accept, or the acceptance of, a takeover offer, an equal access buy back or a 
scheme of arrangement; 
(e) 
a disposal of the Waypoint REIT securities that is the result of a secured lender exercising their 
rights, for example, a margin call under the terms of a margin loan against Waypoint REIT 
securities;  
(f) 
where a Relevant Person is a trustee of a trust that trades in Waypoint REIT securities, provided 
the Relevant Person is not a beneficiary of the trust and any decision to Trade is taken by the other 
trustees or by the investment managers independently of the Relevant Person; 
For personal use only

 
4 | P a g e 
 
(g) 
an acquisition of securities under a distribution reinvestment plan or security purchase plan made 
available to all or most holders (provided that the Relevant Persons did not commence, amend or 
withdraw their participation in the plan in a Closed Period);  
(h) 
an acquisition of securities on acceptance of an offer or invitation to apply for securities made in or 
accompanied by a prospectus or product disclosure statement; and 
(i) 
an acquisition or disposal of securities under a pre-determined investment or divestment plan for 
which prior written clearance has been provided in accordance with procedures set out in the Policy 
where: 
- 
the Restricted Person did not enter into or amend the plan within the Closed Period; 
- 
the plan does not permit the Restricted Person to exercise any discretion over how, when or 
whether to acquire or dispose of securities; and 
- 
the cancellation of the plan is prohibited during the Closed Period other than in exceptional 
circumstances. 
 
 
6. Restriction on trading in Closed Periods 
 
6.1 
 Relevant Persons must not Trade in Waypoint REIT’s securities during a Closed Period except: 
(a) 
where the Authorising Officer has given prior written clearance to the Trade in “exceptional 
circumstances” in accordance with section 8 of the Policy; or 
(b) 
where the Trade is an Excluded Dealing. 
6.2 
Waypoint REIT’s Closed Periods are: 
(a) 
on the day any price sensitive information is released to the ASX;   
(b) 
the period from 1 December to 9am on the second trading day following the release to the ASX of 
Waypoint REIT’s full year financial results; the period from 1 June to 9am on the second trading 
day following the release to the ASX of Waypoint REIT’s half year result; and  
(c) 
seven days prior to the date of the annual general meeting of Waypoint REIT and the day of the 
annual general meeting; and 
(d) 
In addition to the closed periods specified above, the Board may, in its sole discretion, impose one 
or more further closed periods by notice at any time, which may apply to a Relevant Persons only 
or to all employees (referred to as a ‘blackout period’).   A blackout period imposed by the Board is 
subject to any conditions and exceptions determined by the Board from time to time in its sole 
discretion. A blackout period also includes an extension to a blackout period, and any additional 
period, as specified by the Board.    
 
 
7. Clearance to Trade 
 
7.1 
A Relevant Persons may deal in any Waypoint REIT securities outside a Closed Period provided that: 
(a) 
such Trade does not contravene the insider trading prohibitions; and 
(b) 
a prior written authority to Trade has been obtained from the relevant person set out in the table 
below (Authorising Officer). 
 
 
For personal use only

 
5 | P a g e 
 
Relevant Person Seeking Authorisation 
Authorising Officer 
All Relevant Persons other than the Chair 
and his or her Associates. 
The Chair  
Chair and his or her Associates 
The chair of the Audit and Risk Management Committee 
 
7.2 
Any Relevant Persons who proposes dealing in Waypoint REIT Securities must, before the dealing occurs, 
seek approval for the proposed dealing by completing and submitting a Securities Trading Form which 
can be located in Annexure B of this Policy to the Company Secretary as per the evidence set out in 
section 8.5.  For the avoidance of doubt, this requirement includes any proposed dealing in derivatives in 
respect of fully vested Waypoint REIT securities.  
7.3 
Any clearance to Trade from the Authorising Officer must specify the length of any clearance to Trade 
period and be communicated in writing (including by email).  
7.4 
The Authorising Officer can: 
(a) 
refuse to give clearance to Trade in his or her absolute discretion, without giving reasons and any 
decision of the Authorising Officer will be final and binding on the person seeking the clearance; or 
(b) 
can withdraw his or her clearance to Trade if new information comes to light or there is a change in 
circumstances: or 
(c) 
impose conditions on the approval to trade at their discretion. 
7.5 
If clearance to Trade is refused, the refusal must be kept confidential by the person seeking the clearance 
and not be disclosed by that person to anyone else. Without limiting the matters that the Authorising 
Officer may consider in exercising his or her discretion in deciding whether to grant or refuse trading in 
Waypoint REIT securities by a Relevant Persons, the Authorising Officer will consider the need to 
minimise the risk of Insider Trading and to avoid the appearance of Insider Trading and the significant 
damage that may be caused by this perception in the market.  
7.6 
Any clearance to Trade by the Authorising Officer is not an endorsement to Trade, and the Relevant 
Persons must consider carefully whether they are in possession of any Inside Information that might 
preclude them from Trading at the time of the trade. If the Relevant Persons is in any doubt, they should 
not Trade. 
7.7 
The Company Secretary will maintain a copy of: 
(a) 
 all requests for approval to deal in Waypoint REIT securities made by Relevant Persons; 
(b) 
all decisions relating to such requests; and 
(c) 
 details of all dealings in Waypoint REIT securities made by a Relevant Persons. 
 
8. Trading in a Closed Period in Exceptional Circumstances 
 
8.1 
A Relevant Persons may be given prior written clearance from the Authorising Officer to sell or otherwise 
dispose of securities during a Closed Period where “exceptional circumstances” exist. 
8.2 
What constitutes “exceptional circumstances” will be assessed on a case-by-case basis within the 
absolute discretion of the Chair, and will generally only apply in limited situations such as:  
(a) severe financial hardship; that is, the Relevant Person can only meet their pressing financial 
commitments by selling their securities; and. 
(b) legal duties and obligations, for example, the administration of a deceased estate or transfers 
under Family Court orders. 
For personal use only

 
6 | P a g e 
 
8.3 
By way of example: 
(a) a tax liability would not normally constitute severe financial hardship unless the person has no 
other means of satisfying the liability; 
(b) 
a tax liability relating to securities received under an employee incentive scheme would not 
normally constitute severe financial hardship or otherwise be considered an exceptional 
circumstance; and 
(c) 
if the person is required by a court order, or court enforceable undertakings, for example, in a bona 
fide family settlement, or other overriding legal or regulatory requirement, to transfer or accept a 
transfer or sell or buy the securities this may be considered an exceptional circumstance. 
8.4 
The determination of whether the person in question is in severe financial hardship or whether a particular 
set of circumstances falls within the range of exceptional circumstances may only be made by the Chair 
whose decision will be final and binding on the person seeking the approval. 
8.5 
Documented evidence that may be required to substantiate: 
(a) 
severe financial hardship would include all of the applicant’s and their spouse’s current liabilities 
and income, bank account statements for the past 3 months (including mortgage and credit card 
accounts), full tax return for the last financial year, and financial hardship applications in place or 
rejected by the applicant’s and their spouse’s financial institutions; and 
(b) 
legal duties and obligations may include a copy of the court order or other documents lodged with a 
court in relation to the administration of a deceased estate. 
8.6 
Any director, other Relevant Persons, employee or contractor seeking to trade in Waypoint REIT securities 
during a Closed Period must seek prior written approval by completing the Securities Trading Form. 
Approval will only be granted where, in the opinion of the approving officer the application is accompanied 
by sufficient documented and verifiable evidence to substantiate the exceptional circumstance and that the 
proposed dealing of the relevant securities is the most reasonable course of action available, and that 
there is no apparent breach of insider trading laws. 
8.7 
The following people have been approved to determine whether the evidence is sufficient for the exception 
to apply and so authorise securities trading during a Closed Period: 
(a) 
the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in the case of all employees, contractors 
and Relevant Persons other than directors of Waypoint REIT;  
(b) 
the Chair of the Board in the case of directors; and 
(c) 
an independent non-executive director in the case of the Chair of the Board. 
 
 
9. Other Restrictions 
No speculative trading or short-selling 
 
9.1 
Under no circumstances should a Relevant Persons engage in “short-term” or “speculative trading” in, or 
“short-sell”, Waypoint REIT securities.  This prohibition includes direct dealing in Waypoint REIT securities 
as well as transactions in the derivative markets, involving exchange traded options, share warrants, 
contracts for difference, and other similar instruments, which are short-term or speculative.  
No protection arrangements 
 
For personal use only

 
7 | P a g e 
 
9.2 
The entering into of all types of “protection arrangements” for any Waypoint REIT securities (or Waypoint 
REIT products in the derivatives markets):  
(a) 
is prohibited at any time in respect of any Waypoint REIT securities which are unvested or subject 
to a holding lock; and 
(b) 
otherwise, requires clearance from the Authorising Officer. 
9.3 
For the avoidance of doubt and without limiting the generality of this Policy, entering into protection 
arrangements includes entering into transactions which: 
(a) operate to limit the economic risk of any Relevant Persons security holding (e.g., hedging   
arrangements) including Waypoint REIT securities held beneficially (for example, on trust or under 
any incentive plan) on that Relevant Persons behalf; or 
(b) otherwise enable a Relevant Persons to profit from a decrease in the market price of securities.   
No granting of security over Waypoint REIT securities or entering into margin lending 
arrangements 
 
9.4 
Relevant Persons may not at any time, directly or indirectly, grant any form of security (whether by way of 
charge, mortgage, pledge or otherwise) over any Waypoint REIT securities which are unvested or subject 
to a holding lock, to secure any obligation of that Relevant Persons or any third party or enter into any 
margin lending arrangement involving Waypoint REIT securities, except with the approval of the 
Authorising Officer. 
Dealing in Securities of Other Entities 
 
9.5 
If a Relevant Persons has inside information relating to a listed entity other than Waypoint REIT, the same 
insider trading rules apply to trading in securities in that entity. 
9.6 
In the course of a Relevant Person performing their duties as an officer or employee of Waypoint REIT, 
they may obtain inside information relating to another entity, for example suppliers, subcontractors, or 
other entities which Waypoint REIT has an interest, in a variety of circumstances. Examples include: 
(a) 
another listed company may provide inside information about itself to Waypoint REIT in the course 
of negotiating a proposed transaction; and 
(b) 
another company which Waypoint REIT is dealing with may provide inside information concerning 
its intentions in respect of Waypoint REIT (e.g., a planned takeover offer or engagement of a 
supplier) which could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the price of that 
company's or supplier’s securities. 
9.7 
Apart from the application of the insider trading rules to securities in other entities, Restricted Persons are 
also bound by a duty of confidentiality in relation to confidential information obtained in the course of their 
employment in respect of Waypoint REIT and any third parties. 
 
10. 
 Legal Obligation to Notify Trading by Directors 
 
10.1 
Waypoint REIT is required under the ASX Listing Rule 3.19A to notify the ASX within five (5) business 
days of any changes to a director’s notifiable interests. Notification is by way of an Appendix 3Y Notice. 
Appendix 3Y includes a requirement to notify whether the change occurred during a closed period where 
prior written clearance was required and, if so, whether the prior written clearance was provided and what 
date it was provided on. 
For personal use only

 
8 | P a g e 
 
10.2 
To enable Waypoint REIT to comply with its obligations under Listing Rule 3.1A and section 205G of the 
Corporations Act, the Appendix 3Y Notice needs to be submitted by Waypoint REIT within the five (5) 
business day time limit. In order for this to occur directors must immediately provide to the Company 
Secretary any information about any changes to their notifiable interests in Waypoint REIT securities; and 
whether the change occurred during a Closed Period where written approval was required and, if so, 
provide a copy of that approval which shows the date the approval was provided. 
10.3 
New directors must immediately upon their appointment provide to the Company Secretary details of their 
notifiable interest in Waypoint REIT securities. 
10.4 
The Company Secretary is responsible for communicating initial and final notifiable interest holdings of the 
directors and changes to director’s notifiable interest to the ASX. 
10.5 
If we have given ASX information for release to the market about an initial or final directors’ notifiable 
interests or a change in a directors’ notifiable interests within five (5) business days of the change. The 
director is taken to have complied with the Corporations Act requirement. 
10.6 
Failure to comply with section 205G of the Corporations Act is a strict liability offence. 
10.7 
Relevant Persons with “substantial holdings” (as defined in the Corporations Act) in Waypoint REIT are 
reminded of their obligation to give a notice to Waypoint REIT and the ASX if they: 
(a) 
begin to have, or cease to have, a substantial holding in Waypoint REIT (ASIC Forms 603 and 
605); or 
(b) 
if they have a substantial holding in Waypoint REIT and there is a movement of at least 1% in their 
holding as defined in section 671B(2) of the Corporations Act (ASIC Form 604); or 
(c) 
make a takeover bid for Waypoint REIT securities. 
  
11. 
 Analysts, Investors and Journalists 
 
11.1 
Restricted Persons should be aware that selective disclosure of inside information may result in a breach 
of insider trading prohibitions and continuous disclosure obligations. 
11.2 
A person in possession of inside information who does not engage in a transaction but transmits such 
information to someone who Trades on the basis of that information may be just as liable for a 
contravention of the insider trading laws as the person who made the Trade. 
11.3 
Similarly, if a report containing market sensitive information were communicated only to select investors, 
journalists or other third parties, and if full disclosure of the information to the market was not made at the 
same time, this may give rise to a breach of our continuous disclosure obligations and result in civil or 
criminal penalties. 
11.4 
For further details on the personnel who are authorised to liaise with investors, journalists, and other 
stakeholders, please refer to our Disclosure Policy and Communications Policy. 
 
12. 
 Monitoring, Policy Amendments, Reviews and Publication 
 
12.1 
This Policy cannot be amended without approval by the Board. 
12.2 
This Policy will be reviewed at least every two years, or as required (for example where the nature, scale 
or size of our business activities change or an improvement to our procedures have been identified 
following compliance monitoring or incident analysis) to ensure this Policy remains effective. If Waypoint 
For personal use only

 
9 | P a g e 
 
REIT makes a material change to this Policy, the amended Policy will be provided to the ASX for release 
to the market within 5 business days of the material changes taking effect.  
12.3 
The Company Secretary is responsible for monitoring compliance with Waypoint REITs security trading 
procedures and this Policy. All significant and material breaches to the Policy will be reported to the Audit 
and Risk Management Committee and the Board. 
12.4 
Employees are encouraged to offer their feedback on this Policy if they have any suggestions for how it 
may be improved. Feedback of this nature should be addressed to the Company Secretary. 
12.5 
Any queries about this Policy should be directed to the Company Secretary in the first instance. 
12.6 
This Policy will be made available on the Waypoint REIT’s website. 
 
 
For personal use only

 
10 | P a g e 
 
ANNEXURE A – Definitions 
 
For the purpose of this Policy, the following definitions apply: 
 
ASIC means the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.  
 
ASX means the Australia Securities Exchange Limited. 
 
Board means the Board of the Company and the Board of the Responsible Entity. 
 
Chair means the Chair of the Board.  
 
Company means Waypoint REIT Limited ACN 612 986 517. 
 
Company Secretary means the Company Secretary of the Company 
 
Corporation Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
 
Derivative means: (a) derivatives within the meaning given in section 761D of the Corporations Act (such as  
options, forward contracts, swaps, futures, warrants, caps and collars); and (b) any other transaction in financial  
products that operates to limit the economic risk associated with holding the relevant securities. 
 
Employee means an employee of Waypoint REIT Limited or any of its wholly owned subsidiaries and includes full-time, 
part-time and fixed-term employees.  
 
Notifiable interests means all relevant interests in a Waypoint REIT security, including contracts that confer a right to 
obtain Waypoint REIT securities (such as options). A contract does not need to be in writing for it to be notifiable and 
includes a situation where a director is entitled to be paid a commission when another person subscribes for Waypoint 
REIT securities. A director has a relevant interest if they are the holder of the security or have the power to control the 
voting or disposal of the security. 
 
Policy means this policy. 
 
Responsible Entity means VER Limited (ACN 609 868 000), as responsible entity for the Trust. 
 
Securityholder means a registered holder of securities in Waypoint REIT. 
 
Trade or Trading includes an acquisition or disposal of Securities, or the grant of any encumbrance over the securities, 
or the engagement in any other transaction involving beneficial interest or a change in beneficial ownership of the 
securities, or the entry into any agreement to do any of the above things. 
 
Trust means the Waypoint REIT Trust ARSN 613 146 464. 
 
Waypoint REIT means each of the Company and the Trust and their wholly owned subsidiaries or any of them, as  
the context requires.  
 
 
 
For personal use only

 
11 | P a g e 
 
Annexure B – Waypoint REIT Securities Trading Form 
 
Waypoint REIT’s Securities Trading Policy requires Restricted Persons (as defined in the Policy) to seek approval for a 
proposed dealing in Waypoint REIT’s Securities as set out in the Policy. In addition, all Waypoint REIT Employees (not 
just Restricted Persons) must seek approval to deal in Waypoint REIT’s Securities during a blackout period (i.e., due to 
exceptional circumstances).  
 
To be completed by Waypoint REIT Employee 
 
 
Name: 
 
Position: 
 
 
I request to deal with Waypoint REIT Securities as follows: 
 
Securities: 
 
Insert description of the Securities (e.g., Waypoint REIT shares) 
Details of proposed 
dealing: 
 
Insert details of proposed dealing (e.g., buy or sell; number of Securities involved) 
Name of person 
dealing: 
 
Insert name of person proposing to deal.  If not the Waypoint REIT Employee, describe 
the relationship of the person to the Waypoint REIT Employee 
Reasons for dealing (to 
be completed if 
approval sought to 
trade during a blackout 
period due to 
exceptional 
circumstances) 
 
Insert details of exceptional circumstances and attach supporting documentation 
 
I confirm the following:  
 
• 
I have read and understood Waypoint REIT’s Securities Trading Policy (the Policy) and confirm that the 
proposed dealing will not contravene the Policy or insider trading laws.  
• 
The proposed dealing will comply with the Policy and will not be undertaken until I have received approval to 
deal.  
• 
The dealing will be undertaken within 7 days of approval being granted (unless approval is withdrawn before the 
dealing takes place).  
• 
I am responsible for complying with applicable laws relating to insider trading. 
 
 
Signed: 
Name: 
 
 
Date: 
 
 
To be completed by person approving proposed dealing in Waypoint REIT Securities 
 
Approval for the proposed dealing has been granted:    
 
 Yes □      No □ 
 
 
Signed: 
Name: 
 
 
Date: 
 
For personal use only
