 
WCM Global Growth Limited 
 
ABN 69 617 281 268 
Level 6, 10 Spring Street Sydney 
NSW 2000 
T   1300 001 750 
W contango.com.au 
E   invest@contango.com.au 
 
23 May 2022 
ASX Market Announcements  
 
 
Revised Securities Trading Policy  
 
In accordance with the ASX Listing Rule 12.10, WCM Global Growth Limited (ASX : WQG) 
attaches a copy of the revised Securities Trading Policy. 
A copy of the Securities Trading Policy is also available on the corporate governance section 
of the WQG website: https://contango.com.au/funds/wqg/corporate-governance/ 
 
This announcement has been authorised by the Board of WQG. 
 
For further information, please contact  
Mark Licciardo 
Company Secretary  
For personal use only

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WCM Global Growth Limited  
Securities Trading Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Classification 
Public 
Effective Date 
23 May 2022 
Owner 
Company Secretary 
Version 
1 
Status 
Final 
Approved by 
Board of WQG 
Last Reviewed 
May 2022 
Next Review 
May 2023 
For personal use only

WCM Global Growth Limited 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
2 | P a g e 
1 Purpose and Scope 
This Securities Trading Policy applies to Key Management Personnel with regard to Dealing in WQG 
Securities. Key Management Personnel are encouraged to be long-term holders of WQG Securities, 
however they must also be mindful that: 
(a) they may be in possession of, or perceived to be in possession of, potential Inside Information; 
(b) their personal interests may be, or perceived to be, in conflict with the interests of the Company; and  
(c) they have legal obligations not to engage in insider trading or other market misconduct. 
The purpose of this policy is to: 
(a) explain the insider trading and market misconduct provisions under the Corporations Act; and 
(b) set out the procedures which must be followed by Key Management Personnel when dealing in WQG 
Securities, including to address any potential conflict of interest that may arise relating to such 
activity. 
This policy is issued in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 12.9 and ASX Guidance Note 27. 
2 Insider Trading and Market Misconduct 
2.1. Insider Trading 
Insider trading occurs where a person who is aware of Inside Information in relation to a company’s 
securities: 
(a) trades in those securities; 
(b) procures someone else to trade in those securities (including nominees, agents or associates such as 
family members, family companies or trusts); or 
(c) passes the information to a third party in circumstances where the person knows (or ought 
reasonably know) that the third party would be likely to trade in the securities, or procure someone 
else to trade in the securities. 
Examples of Inside Information include: 
(a) the entry into, variation or termination of a material contract; 
(b) the company considering a major acquisition or disposal of assets; 
(c) the  company’s  financial  results  materially  exceeding  (or  falling  short  of)  the market’s 
expectations; 
(d) a significant new business proposal; 
(e) the appointment or resignation of the company’s CEO or Chair, or other senior employees; 
(f) the issue of new shares or dividends; and 
(g) the threat of major litigation against the company. 
A breach of the insider trading provisions carries significant civil and criminal penalties, including a jail 
term of up to 10 years.  In addition, a director who engages in insider trading may be subject to civil 
and/or criminal penalties for breaching their duties as a director, including disqualification from being a 
director of a company. 
2.2. Other market misconduct 
The Corporations Act also contains ‘market misconduct’ provisions which prohibit certain trading 
behaviour and activity, including: 
(a) market manipulation (trading in securities to create an artificial price for those securities);  
(b) false trading and market rigging; and 
(c) disseminating false or misleading statements (also known as rumourtrage). 
Examples include a director trading in a company’s securities or disseminating information to manipulate 
the securities’ market price in order to increase a performance bonus. 
Breaches of these provisions also attract civil and criminal penalties including fines, jail terms and 
disqualification from being a director of a company. 
For personal use only

WCM Global Growth Limited 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
3 | P a g e 
3 Trading in WQG Securities 
3.1. General Requirements 
Key Management Personnel are permitted to trade in WQG Securities, provided: 
(a) they have obtained pre-trade approval in accordance with clause 4 of this policy; 
(b) they are not in possession of Inside Information in relation to WQG Securities; 
(c) the transaction occurs during a Trading Window; and 
(d) they are otherwise acting in accordance with this Policy. 
3.2. Transactions excluded from approval process 
The following transactions are outside the scope of this Policy and do not require approval to trade: 
(a) transactions pursuant to a dividend or distribution reinvestment plan, rights issue, security purchase 
plan, bonus issue or other security offer or corporate action in respect of WQG Securities and which 
does not require any discretion by the holder;  
(b) transactions pursuant to any WQG share or incentive plan (although the sale of WQG Securities 
granted/vested under such plan does require approval); or 
(c) investments in or trading in units of, a fund or scheme where a member of Key Management 
Personnel is not in the position to influence the trading activities of that fund or scheme; 
(d) off-market transfers of WQG Securities where there is no change in underlying beneficial ownership; 
(e) transactions resulting from the acceptance of a takeover offer in relation to WQG Securities; and 
(f) compulsory acquisition. 
3.3. Short term trading 
Key Management Personnel must not engage in short-term trading in WQG Securities in any Relevant 
Account. For this purpose, the sale of WQG Securities within 6 months of their purchase in a Relevant 
Account is not permitted, nor is the purchase of WQG Securities within 6 months of having sold such WQG 
Securities. This, however, does not prevent the sale of WQG Securities immediately after they have been 
acquired via the exercise of options (providing the sale occurs during a permitted Trading Window). 
3.4. Prohibited transactions 
Key Management Personnel are prohibited from entering into any of the following transactions in any 
Relevant Account: 
(a) margin lending over any WQG Securities; 
(b) any arrangement that has the effect of limiting their exposure to risk relating to a holding of WQG 
Securities in a Relevant Account (including unvested options); and 
(c) any short sale of WQG Securities or other transaction that enables profit to be made from a decrease 
in the market price of WQG Securities. 
3.5. Trading Windows 
Other than transactions excluded by virtue of clause 3.4, any trading in WQG Securities may only be done 
during the following periods as applies to the relevant WQG Securities: 
(a) the period commencing on the second Trading Day after the release to ASX of the half-year results by 
WQG and ending 4 weeks later; 
(b) the period commencing on the second Trading Day after the release to ASX of the full-year results by 
WQG and ending 4 weeks later; 
(c) the period commencing on the second Trading Day after an Annual General Meeting or Extraordinary 
General Meeting of WQG and ending 4 weeks later; 
(d) the period commencing on the Trading Day following the release of the weekly Net Tangible Asset 
announcement to the ASX platform and ending 1 day later; and 
(e) any additional period designated by the WQG board. 
For personal use only

WCM Global Growth Limited 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
4 | P a g e 
4 Approval Process 
4.1. Request for Approval to Trade 
Key Management Personnel must ensure they have received the requisite approval from the Company 
Secretary or Contango Group CFO before they conduct any trading in WQG Securities. They must not seek 
approval if they are in possession of Inside Information.  
Confirmation of the trade should also be provided to the Company Secretary so that any relevant registers 
can be updated (see also, Paragraph 5 below). 
4.2. Exceptional Circumstances 
The WQG board acknowledges there are Exceptional Circumstances which may warrant Key Management 
Personnel Dealing in WQG Securities outside a Trading Window. Accordingly, a request to Deal in 
Exceptional Circumstances may be made to the Company Secretary or Contango Group CFO in writing via 
email, including: 
(a) the particulars of the transaction (eg. the number of WQG Securities to be sold and the timeframe by 
which the trade(s) are to be executed, if applicable); 
(b) why the particular situation is an Exceptional Circumstance; and 
(c) any supporting documentation, where available. 
The request will be considered by the Chair and Company Secretary or Contango Group CFO as soon as 
practicable. 
4.3. Execution of Approved Trades and Approval Expiry 
Approved trades must be placed within 1 business day of receiving the approval pursuant to clause 4.1 or 
4.2 and within the prescribed Trading Window.  
Re-approval must be sought if: 
(a) the approved trade has not been completed within 7 days; or 
(b) there is any change to the any of the details of the trade provided in the request to trade (including as 
to the total number or value of securities or any limits on the order). 
 
Upon execution of the pre-approved trade, Key Management Personnel must provide the Company 
Secretary with a copy of the trade confirmation statement issued by the broker for the trade. 
5 Lodgement of ASX Notices 
In addition to the requirements set out throughout this policy, each WQG director is responsible for 
complying with the following provisions, as applicable: 
5.1. Changes in Directors’ Relevant interests 
Pursuant to ASX Listing Rule 3.19A, WQG must notify the ASX (via an Appendix 3Y announcement) of any 
changes that occur in a director’s Relevant Interest in WQG Securities within 5 business days of such 
Dealing taking place. 1  A person has a Relevant Interest in a security if they are the registered holder of 
the security or if they have the power to control voting or disposal in respect of the security, irrespective 
of how remote the interest is. A Relevant Interest may arise if the securities are jointly held by a director 
and another person (eg spouse or family member), or held in the director’s family trust or superannuation 
fund. 
Accordingly, as soon as practicable after Dealing in WQG Securities, directors of WQG must notify the 
Company Secretary of the trade and provide a copy of the trade confirmation, so that the Company 
 
1 An Appendix 3Y lodged by WQG pursuant to ASX Listing Rule 3.19A satisfies the director’s personal obligation to 
notify the ASX about its change in interest, pursuant to s205G of the Corporations Act. 
For personal use only

WCM Global Growth Limited 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
5 | P a g e 
Secretary may lodge the requisite ASX notices and update the Register of Directors’ Interests, in order for 
the Register to be tabled and minuted at the next WQG board meeting. 
5.2. Substantial shareholdings 
The Corporations Act requires persons (including Key Management Personnel) to give a notice to both 
WQG and the ASX if they (together with any Associates) begin to have, or cease to have, a Substantial 
Holding in WQG or if they have a Substantial Holding and there is a movement of at least 1% in their 
holding. 
It is the responsibility of Key Management Personnel to lodge the applicable forms (with assistance from 
the Company Secretary) where their Relevant Interest in WQG meets the Substantial Holding thresholds.  
 
Date Adopted by the Board: 23 May 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For personal use only

WCM Global Growth Limited 
Securities Trading Policy 
 
6 | P a g e 
6 Definitions 
Associate has the meaning given in s12(2)(b) and (c) of the Corporations Act.  
ASX means the Australian Securities Exchange Limited. 
WQG means WCM Global Growth Limited ACN 617 281 268 (ASX:WQG) 
Contango Group means Contango Asset Management Limited ACN 080 277 998 (ASX:CGA) and its related 
bodies corporate. 
WQG Securities means any share, debenture, option, unit, interest or other financial products issued by 
WQG, including any security specific derivatives, options, Contracts for Difference (CFDs) and warrants 
that may be issued by third parties where the underlying or referenced security is issued by WQG. 
Corporations Act means the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Deal or Dealing means either directly or indirectly acquiring or disposing of securities (both on and off 
market), or entering into an agreement to buy or sell securities, or exercising options, rights or awards to 
acquire securities.  
Exceptional Circumstances mean: 
(a) a pressing financial commitment that cannot be satisfied otherwise than by selling the WQG 
Securities;  
(b) a court order, court enforceable undertaking, or other legal or regulatory requirement requiring the 
sale of WQG Securities; or 
(c) another circumstance which the Chair and Company Secretary may collectively determine, using their 
discretion sparingly and with caution, having regard to ASX Guidance Note 27. 
Inside Information means Information that is not generally available and if it were generally available a 
reasonable person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of the Financial Product. 
Key Management Personnel means those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, 
directing and controlling the activities of the Company, directly or indirectly, including any director 
(whether executive or otherwise) of the Company.  
LIC means an ASX Listed Investment Company. 
Relevant Interest has the meaning given in s608 of the Corporations Act.  
Relevant Account means all accounts: 
(a) in which a Key Management Personnel has any form of ownership interest (including with other 
entities); 
(b) that a Key Management Personnel has the power, directly or indirectly, to effect or influence 
decisions regarding transactions in the account. 
Substantial Holding has the meaning given in s9 of the Corporations Act, being a Relevant Interest of 5% 
or more (of the voting power of those shares) under the control of a shareholder and/or their Associates.  
Trading Day means a day on which shares are traded on ASX. 
Trading Window in respect of trading in WQG Securities, means the periods specified in clause 3.5. 
 
For personal use only
