‭MARKET RELEASE‬
‭Updated Share Trading Policy‬
‭WELLINGTON, 1 August 2024‬‭- In accordance with Listing‬‭Rule 12.10, attached is a copy of Xero‬
‭Limited’s updated Share Trading Policy which takes effect today, 1 August 2024.‬
‭Authorised for release to the ASX by the Company Secretary.‬
‭Contact‬
‭Kate McLaughlin - Communications‬
‭Mobile: +64 27 533 4529‬
‭kate.mclaughlin@xero.com‬
‭Nicole Mehalski - Investor Relations‬
‭Mobile: +61 400 947 145‬
‭nicole.mehalski@xero.com‬
‭About‬‭Xero‬
‭Xero‬‭is a global small business platform with 4.2‬‭million subscribers. Xero’s smart tools help small‬
‭businesses and their advisors to manage core accounting functions like tax and bank reconciliation,‬
‭and complete other important small business tasks like payroll and payments. Xero’s extensive‬
‭ecosystem of connected ap‬‭ps and connections to banks‬‭and other financial institutions provide a‬
‭range of solutions from within Xero’s open platform to help small businesses run their business and‬
‭manage their finances more efficiently.‬
‭Xero Limited (XRO)‬
‭Registered Address‬
‭www.xero.com‬
‭NZ Company no. 1830488‬
‭19-23 Taranaki St
‭ARBN 160 661 183‬
‭Te Aro‬
‭Wellington 6011‬
‭New Zealand‬
‭1‬
For personal use only

 
 
Xero Limited 
Share Trading Policy  
1. 
Why does this policy exist? 
Xero Limited (Xero) is a public company whose shares are traded on a stock exchange. In many 
countries, including Australia and New Zealand, “insider trading” laws exist to provide a level 
playing field for people dealing in shares, and other securities, by ensuring that everyone has 
access to the same information where that information might have a material impact on the price 
or value of those shares. These laws are strict and apply to everyone, including Xero’s directors 
and employees and anyone else who has inside information about Xero.  
 
This policy is designed to help you and Xero to comply with relevant insider trading laws, as part of 
Xero’s commitment to good governance, to protect the reputation of Xero, its directors, and 
employees.  This policy applies to all dealings in Xero Securities (not just trading in Xero shares), as 
explained below. However, the most common example of dealing in Xero Securities is buying or 
selling Xero shares. 
 
It is your responsibility to ensure you are familiar with and comply with this policy and applicable 
law. You should satisfy yourself of compliance with this policy and insider trading laws before you 
make any decision in relation to dealing in Xero Securities or other quoted financial products. 
 
Xero takes a ‘substance over form’ approach and has regard to the intent and spirit of this policy 
when applying and enforcing it. 
 
2. 
Who does this policy apply to? 
 
This policy applies to you if you are: 
● a director or employee of Xero or its subsidiaries; or 
● a contractor, consultant or other personnel who has agreed to comply with Xero’s policies. 
References to “you” in this policy are references to everyone to whom the policy applies unless 
the context requires otherwise. 
 
It also applies to your Connected Persons, which means:  
● your close family members but only if they are likely to act on, or do act on, your 
instructions or advice about the purchase or sale of securities (e.g. your spouse, partner, 
For personal use only

2 
minor children or other dependants, and your partner's minor children or other 
dependants); 
● a company or trust controlled by you or your close family members or your family trust 
(controlled is not to be interpreted in a technical way but by looking at how decisions are 
made in practice); and 
● a family trust of which you are a trustee or beneficiary or director of the trustee company 
of the family trust. 
 
Certain restrictions under this Policy apply to Designated Persons. You are a Designated Person if 
you are: 
● a director or the CEO of Xero; 
● a direct report of the CEO or someone who reports to a person who reports directly to the 
CEO; 
● a person that is on the list of Designated Persons maintained by Company Secretary team; 
or 
● anyone notified that you are subject to trading restrictions under the policy. 
 
3. 
What dealings are captured by this policy? 
 
This policy applies to Xero Securities, which means: 
● Xero’s ordinary shares;  
● debentures, notes, derivatives, options and rights of Xero; and 
● any other financial products of Xero that are able to be traded on a financial market. 
 
In this policy, dealing includes: 
● buying or selling Xero Securities, or agreeing to do so, whether on your own behalf or as 
agent or on behalf of someone else; 
● exercising options over Xero Securities; 
● issuing, underwriting or varying the terms of Xero Securities; 
● transferring legal ownership of Xero Securities; and 
● any other transfer or creation of an interest in Xero Securities. 
 
Refer to section 7 for information about dealings in Xero Securities that are allowed without 
clearance under this policy. 
4. 
What is insider trading? 
If you have Inside Information (explained below), you must not: 
● deal in Xero Securities; 
● advise, encourage or procure others to deal in Xero Securities - you cannot do this yourself 
or by advising, encouraging or procuring another person to do so; or 
● directly or indirectly pass on that Inside Information to others – including colleagues, 
family or friends - whom you know or ought reasonably to know will likely trade or procure 
someone else to trade in or hold Xero Securities. 
For personal use only

3 
  
If you do any of these things when you have Inside Information it is considered insider trading.  
 
Insider trading is never allowed for anyone, at any time or for any reason  
Insider trading is illegal. If you commit insider trading both you and Xero can be subject to 
criminal liability (including large fines and imprisonment) and civil liability (being sued by 
someone for the loss they have suffered as a result of the insider trading). There could also be 
significant reputational consequences for you and Xero. 
 
Insider trading is never allowed, regardless of how you learn of the Inside Information, and 
regardless of why you are dealing. The laws apply anytime while you have inside information, 
even if you change roles within Xero, or leave Xero. 
 
This applies to all listed securities of any company, not only to Xero Securities. If you have inside 
information about listed securities of any company (including information you become aware of 
through your role at Xero), you must not deal in those securities. 
  
Strict compliance with this policy is a condition of your employment, engagement or 
appointment. Breaches of this policy will be subject to appropriate disciplinary or remedial action, 
which may include termination of your employment, engagement or appointment. 
 
Any known instances of noncompliance with this policy should be notified to the Company 
Secretary or confidentially to Xero’s Whistleblowing Officer, the internal whistleblowing email or 
through Xero’s whistleblowing portal (refer Xero’s Whistleblower Policy).  
 
How do these restrictions apply to your Connected Persons? 
 
You must take reasonable steps to ensure that your Connected Persons do not breach this policy. 
Your Connected Persons should only deal in Xero Securities in circumstances where you yourself 
would be permitted to do so. Where clearance requirements would apply to your dealing, you 
must comply with those requirements on behalf of your Connected Persons. 
 
What is Inside Information? 
Inside Information is information that: 
● is not generally available to the public;  and 
● if the information were to be generally available to the public, a reasonable person would 
expect it to have a material effect (upwards or downwards) on the price or value of Xero’s 
Securities.  
 
Information is generally available to the public (i.e. not Inside Information) if it has been released 
as a stock exchange announcement, or if investors that commonly invest in Xero’s Securities can 
readily obtain the information (e.g. by observation, using their expertise, or purchasing the 
information). 
For personal use only

4 
 
It does not matter how you come to know the Inside Information (e.g. whether you learn it while 
carrying out your responsibilities, or in passing, or at a social function).  
 
Something can be Inside Information even if it’s not definite. Inside Information can include things 
that are only possible or likely, rumours, matters of supposition, the intentions of Xero or another 
person, and information which is not yet certain enough to be disclosed to the public.  
 
What are some examples of Inside Information? 
Examples of Inside Information could include: 
● Xero’s financial performance 
● a change in Xero’s strategic direction, or a fundamental change in Xero’s product strategy 
● a material purchase or sale of assets or a company by Xero 
● entry into or termination of material contracts or other business arrangements 
● a change in Xero’s capital structure 
● senior executive or Board changes 
● a change in dividend policy 
● a material legal claim by or against Xero 
● an unexpected material liability 
● the release of a new product or service 
The Front Page Test 
It is important to protect Xero’s and your reputation. It would be damaging to Xero’s or your 
reputation if the market or the general public perceived that you might be taking advantage of 
your position at Xero to make financial gains (by dealing in Xero Securities on the basis of Inside 
Information).  
 
As a guiding principle, before any dealing in Xero Securities you should ask yourself: 
 
If the market were aware of all the current circumstances, could I be perceived to be taking 
advantage of my position in an inappropriate way? How would it look if the dealing were 
reported on the front page of the newspaper or online? (The Front Page Test) 
 
Where clearance is required to deal under this policy, approval will not be granted where the 
dealing would not meet the Front Page Test. If you are unsure, you should consult the Company 
Secretary or their delegate at tradingclearance@xero.com. 
 
 
 
For personal use only

5 
5. 
What are the Xero Closed Periods? 
During Xero Closed Periods, you are not allowed to deal in Xero Securities (except in very limited 
circumstances).  
 
The Xero Closed Periods are: 
● from the close of trade on the ASX on 31 March each year, or if that date is not a trading 
day, the last trading day before that day, until 10.00am Sydney time on the next trading 
day after Xero’s full-year financial results are released to the ASX (usually early/mid May); 
and 
● from the close of trade on 30 September each year, or if that date is not a trading day, the 
last trading day before that day, until 10.00am Sydney time on the next trading day after 
Xero’s half-year financial results are released to the ASX (usually early/mid November); and 
● any other period that the Board sets from time to time. 
  
Xero Closed Periods help you manage your obligations during specific periods when Xero’s 
financial information is being finalised for release to the public (that is, times that may be riskier to 
deal or when there may be heightened public perception risks around dealings).  
 
If you do not have Inside Information, you may seek clearance to deal in Xero Securities during 
Closed Periods due to exceptional circumstances.  You may seek clearance from the Company 
Secretary (or their delegate) or, if you are a Designated Person, by following the process set out in 
section 6 below. Exceptional circumstances are rare, and may include severe financial hardship, a 
requirement to comply with a court order or court enforceable undertaking, and any other 
circumstance warranted in the individual situation.  
 
Remember: if you have Inside Information, you must not deal in Xero Securities at any time, 
regardless of whether or not it is during a Xero Closed Period or you have been granted clearance 
to deal. 
6. 
Dealing Clearance 
Designated Persons need to request clearance to deal in Xero Securities at all times. This process 
is designed to provide an extra safeguard for people who may have access to market sensitive 
information in their role.  
 
If you are not a Designated Person you do not require clearance to deal in Xero Securities (within 
the terms of this policy) outside Xero Closed Periods. However, you will need to seek clearance to 
deal in Xero Securities if you want to deal during a Xero Closed Period (in exceptional 
circumstances), enter into a margin loan or other secured financing arrangement, or grant a 
security or rights over your Xero Securities. 
 
 
For personal use only

6 
Process for seeking clearance to deal in Xero Securities 
If you are a Designated Person and it is not a Closed Period, please click the ‘Request Clearance’ 
button in Shareworks or use this link if your Securities are held outside Shareworks.  
 
To request any other clearance under this policy, such as clearance to trade in exceptional 
circumstances (whether or not you are a Designated Person), please email 
tradingclearance@xero.com.   
 
Before clearance is granted, you will be asked to confirm: 
● that you do not hold Inside Information; and 
● that you don’t know of a reason to prohibit your trade. 
 
If you are seeking clearance to deal during a Xero Closed Period in exceptional circumstances, you 
must provide sufficient information (in the opinion of the person providing clearance) that the 
circumstances warrant the granting of approval to deal. 
 
The person who will consider your request for clearance will depend on your role: 
Person seeking clearance: 
Clearance required from: 
Chair 
Chair of the Audit and Risk Management 
Committee and Company Secretary or their 
respective delegates 
Director, CEO or CFO 
Chair and Company Secretary or their 
respective delegates 
Company Secretary 
Chair and CEO or their respective delegates 
All other Designated Persons 
Company Secretary or delegate 
 
The person who considers your clearance request may (and non-executive directors typically 
should) consult with members of management, as appropriate. 
 
When will clearance be given? 
 
Clearance will only be given where the approver is satisfied the dealing meets the Front Page Test. 
The person who considers your clearance request may decide not to grant you clearance and is 
not required to give you reasons for their decision. They may also decide to impose conditions on 
the dealing or withdraw the clearance at any time. If your clearance is not approved or is 
withdrawn, you must keep this fact confidential. 
 
Clearance is automatically deemed to be withdrawn if you become aware of Inside Information 
prior to dealing. 
 
For personal use only

7 
Approval under this policy is not an endorsement of the dealing. Trading at any time (even if 
approval has been obtained under this policy) remains subject to the insider trading prohibitions. 
You are responsible for your own compliance with the law. 
 
Time limit on completing a cleared dealing 
 
After receiving dealing clearance, you must complete your dealing within 5 business days of the 
confirmation (or as specified in the confirmation), otherwise the approval is no longer effective 
and fresh approval must be sought.  
 
Directors - confirmation of dealing 
 
If you are a director, you must promptly notify the Company Secretary (ideally by close of business 
on the day of any dealing) that you have entered into a dealing in Xero Securities. This is to assist 
Xero to comply with its disclosure obligations under the ASX Listing Rules. 
7. 
Dealings that don’t need clearance under this Policy 
The following dealings in Xero Securities are allowed without clearance under this Policy 
(including during Closed Periods). Even though you don’t need clearance for these dealings, you 
must still consider whether you have any Inside Information (as any dealings remain subject to the 
insider trading prohibitions) and whether the dealing satisfies the Front Page test before you deal. 
 
If you do not have Inside Information and the dealing satisfies the Front Page Test, you may: 
● deal in a publicly offered diversified fund or scheme (but not a scheme of which Xero 
Securities are a significant portion) where the assets of the fund or other scheme are 
invested at the discretion of a third party (e.g. an index fund); 
● dispose of Xero Securities through the acceptance of a takeover offer, scheme of 
arrangement or equal access buy-back; 
● deal under an offer or invitation made to all or most Xero shareholders, where the plan 
that determines the timing and structure of the offer has been approved by Xero’s Board. 
Examples of this are a rights issue, a security purchase plan, or a bonus issue made to all 
holders of Xero Securities in the same class;  
● acquire Xero Securities under an employee equity plan (this exception applies to 
allocation or vesting but does not apply to selling Xero shares on market to cover tax or to 
cover the exercise price, exercising options or any subsequent dealings);  
● trade under a pre-approved non-discretionary trading plan, where you did not have inside 
information when you entered into the plan, did not enter into the plan or amend the plan 
during a Closed Period, the plan does not permit you to exercise any influence or 
discretion in relation to trading under the plan, and the plan cannot be cancelled during a 
Closed Period other than in exceptional circumstances; 
● deal in Xero Securities if there is no effective change to the beneficial interest in the 
securities (for example, transfers of Xero Securities already held into a superannuation 
fund or trust of which you are a beneficiary); 
For personal use only

8 
● acquire Xero Securities under a rights issue; and 
● acquire Xero Securities under any dividend reinvestment plan operated by Xero. 
8. 
What else should I be aware of? 
This policy doesn’t replace insider trading laws 
The rules in this policy do not replace your legal obligations; they are separate from, and apply in 
addition to, the laws prohibiting insider trading in Australia and New Zealand, and any other 
relevant place (e.g. where you live). 
 
If in doubt, don’t! 
The boundary between what is and is not in breach of the law or this policy is not always clear. 
Sometimes behaviour that you consider to be ethical actually may be insider trading. If in doubt, 
don’t, or seek advice from your manager or email tradingclearance@xero.com  
 
No short term or speculative dealings 
You must not deal in Xero Securities on a short term or speculative basis (including short selling), 
except in exceptional circumstances and with prior clearance to deal (see section 6).  
 
Short term dealing is the buying and selling of listed securities within a 6 month period. This can 
be a key indicator of insider trading, particularly if undertaken on a regular basis or in large 
amounts.  
Selling Xero Securities within 6 months after they have been acquired through the vesting or 
exercise of a Xero Security granted under an employee equity plan is not regarded as a short term 
dealing under this policy.  
Short selling involves borrowing and selling securities in the hope that they can be bought back at 
a lower price in the future to close out the short position at a profit. 
 
No derivatives or protection arrangements 
You must not engage in transactions in the derivative markets involving products based on Xero 
Securities. This includes OTC products, depository receipts, contracts for difference, forward 
contracts, swaps, futures, warrants, exchange-traded options, caps and collars and any other 
financial product that operates to limit the economic risk associated with Xero Securities.  
 
You must not enter into an arrangement or transaction that:  
● is designed or intended to hedge (or otherwise limit) your economic exposure to 
unvested or restricted Xero Securities (e.g. unvested employee share plan shares); or 
● otherwise enables you to profit from a decrease in the market price of Xero Securities. 
 
You may apply for approval to enter into one of these transactions in exceptional circumstances. 
Approval will not be given in relation to unvested Xero Securities. 
 
For personal use only

9 
Clearance required for any grant of security over Xero Securities, margin lending 
arrangements or stock lending 
Whether or not you are a Designated Person, you must seek clearance (in accordance with the 
process in section 6) before you: 
● enter into a margin loan or other secured financing arrangements (including transferring 
Xero Securities into an existing margin loan account); 
● grant a security or rights over your Xero Securities; or 
● enter into a transaction that amounts to stock lending of your Xero Securities.  
 
Monitoring of dealing 
Xero may monitor your dealing as part of the administration of this policy. 
 
Any questions? 
If you have a question, are unsure about whether this policy applies to you, or don’t understand 
something in this policy, then before dealing in Xero Securities please contact Xero’s Company 
Secretary team at tradingclearance@xero.com. 
Review 
This Share Trading Policy will be reviewed periodically by the Board.  
 
 
Approved by the Board effective 1 August 2024 
 
For personal use only
